na
Work was spaced out and can be done along side school work.
I liked the lab that catered to my learning speed.
The course structure
I really liked my TA; they were very good at explaining the concepts in many ways and demonstrating problems effectively.
I believe the content was presented very well, and the speed at which subjects were taught was perfect for me.
I loved the way that Jason explained everything during our lectures.
Just mostly getting to learn about something that I didn't know much about. and to also get a better understanding of coding.
I have enjoyed how relaxed it is
Learning and practicing the AI models
The course is simple and easy to navigate.
It's very informative and takes only 1 hour per week. Nice and concise. 
More about AI art
I really enjoyed the labs because they provided me with a clear understanding of the material already stated and implements that material into workshops where I can test my understanding of the lesson.
I really enjoyed the fluidity of the lectures.
Instructors
I liked that how each lab we were explained everything clearly 
I liked the course in general, the concepts covered, and the practical applications looked at using our knowledge learned. 
I really liked the structure of notebooks. 
the way everyone helped
My TA was very nice. And the work was fun and interesting 
The weekly meetups and overall experience.
All of the the TA's in the course.
Being able to work in labs
What I loved most about this semester is how amazing my instructors were.  They were always willing to listen to me and explained things in such a way that I could understand.
the lectures were very intresting
`I liked learning new ai models and how to implement them and also learning the different ways that we can use the models. My favorite model so far is KNN. 
What I like most about semester 1 was the labs
I like the way the teacher interacted with his student and how the course material was structured 
I liked how a community was formed within lab groups, I added some of the people on different social media platforms in order to communicate.
I liked the comprehensive instruction and information that builds off previous content. I enjoyed our lab’s environment.
I like the teacher's energy in the lab 
I liked my teacher.
I enjoyed the labs and my instructors. 
I liked the course structure. Everything was very organized. 
Learning python easy
I liked the fact that TRAIN tried to work with me to get me caught up on the work.
I liked the content the most because it's fun to me. 
I enjoyed lecture, especially gradient descent.
I liked that the Sunday lectures previewed the week,  so when  lab days came around it was easier to foundationally understand!
I liked how the lecturer/teacher during lectures, used his own experience and real world situations to help us understand the topic more.
I liked that we were able to look back at videos to be able to imply the information in the video to the homework 
I like that I can rewatch the videos and learn at my own pace.
What I liked most about this semester was learning things I would never have even known about if I didn't take this course. I also like the amount of help and accessibility this course provides.
I personally like the manner that my skills of not knowing how to code to learning how to progress over time, although I still need help.
Being able to improve my coding skills.
I liked the simplicity and the easy and structured way of teaching.
That it helps me understand the different things im have to do to be in this career. 
I liked the overall content and how we had office hours for help. 
The amount of help provided to make sure this was a learning environment. 
I enjoyed the content and how it was portrayed. Having active practice helped to learn a lot. 
i really liked the decision trees and knn and the use of google colab to make learning these algorithms easy and accessible. 

I also really liked the lectures. They were engaging, thought-provoking and easy to understand.
The content is interesting.
The teacher 
I liked the challenge and how new everything was
I liked the pace of learning.
The pace
I loved the course structure and the amount of help that was provided. Any time I didn't understand the questions I would simply attend a review session or rewatch a lecture. 
I liked being able to choose the time of my lab, with a busy schedule, this was quite beneficial.
I liked the lab sessions 
what i liked the most about the first semester were completing the labs because i was able to get a better idea through the hands on coding activities. 
The content and good teaching style.
I liked that the lab instructors were very helpful and taught us a lot about ML and real world applications.
I liked how the lab instructor went over the week's lesson before the start of every lab.
I liked the interactive lectures.
guest speakers 
I liked all the graphings and the predictions which I feel like I could us win my own projects.
I liked learning about AI and how to analyze data.
I enjoyed how inviting my TA was as well as my classmates. I believe it really made me feel motivated to learn and push through challenges with all the resources available. I especially love how genuinely passionate about Machine Learning the community is and how this program fosters it with all the connections made available to us.
I liked how the course seemed to really care about my feedback, and how it was really centered around students’ needs. 
The way we covered college level topics at an amazing pace.
Does everything count? Jason and my TA are both awesome, the difficulty is challenging but not impossible, the material and the way it's presented are engaging, and the homework is fun.
I enjoyed writing the code for everything.
I liked that even if I didn't know that much about machine learning, I was still able to keep up and understand the material very well. This course is the perfect way for me to explore the branch of my field, computer science, in which I am most interested in.
How I could rewatch lectures and labs; I often did not understand to concept the first or even second time.
I liked how resourceful the AI team was with regarding people who was having some issues with AI
I liked how we could go along with the instructor for our classwork. Any questions would be answered and the instructor was nice.
I liked learning new ways to use python coding, especially for the visualization of data in the form of many different types of graphs.
I believe the way the content is structured to learn certain topics in depth is what I like most. Most people would just provide a general overview of everything if they wished to teach AI.
I liked the lab sections because it felt very personalized and more like a traditional class.
I liked the way the labs were taught.
I liked that semester 1 focused specifically on supervised learning and didn't bounce between the different types. This made it a lot simpler to follow and compare the different ML models. 
I liked all the practice and how the lessons were structured. AI can be a daunting subject and all those resources were very helpful.
Semester 1 was very flexible, and I loved that we had time over the break to makeup and catch up on missing assignments, which was especially useful for busy high school students.
I enjoyed learning about the different A.I models along with their real world applications. It was also interesting to hear about the future ethical problems along with A.I. It was also really beneficial to hear from guest speakers and other people that are in the field of ML and A.I to further understand the field and the challenges faced when entering it. 
I liked the labs because they went more in detail about the content that we learned from lectures.
I liked how in my Lab, we all collaborated to help each other, and if one of us had a question, we would go and help that person and give the answer and explain the concept needed to understand this.
decision trees
I really liked the guest speakers that talked about their careers.
I enjoyed how the structure of the course was very flexible with one's own schedule since some days afterschool I may have activities and some days my schedule  is completely clear. 
I really liked the course structure, because I knew what to expect, and also that I could rewatch labs.
Being able to learn about ML
What I liked the most about semester 1 of the course is that we were able to have additional office hours in order to get more help on the material and the live labs that we had to participate in.
The colabs were really helpful in understanding and practicing the concepts we learned in the lectures. And they were fun to do, it was like solving puzzles.
Content
I liked that assignments were done during lab times so that we were able to ask questions as we got them.
the labs were helpful
I really enjoyed making data visualizations and using KNN.
I love that there are so many resources, like the cheat sheets and the videos, to help the students learn
The labs
I really liked how we are learning content that can help us later in a computer  science career like k nearest neighbors.
The Labs, it made it much easier to answer questions I had about the content.
I appreciate that you can complete assignments on your own time and it's not a crazy amount of work but you still learn
Revealing on how impacting something seemingly small can be in the Artificial Learning and Data Analysis field. For just something like changing K or the test size from 0.2 to 0.3 can change the value, size, and impact of the data.
I loved how it was taught. 
I liked being able to retake quizzes so that I could raise my grade. 
I liked the course structure because it gave me all the necessary resources to understand and complete the lab. During this course, I enjoyed when we learned how to use pandas and how to take that data and make it into a graph that we could visualize. 
The speed of our course was very fitting for me and it wasn't too hard or stressful if you missed lab or lecture.
I liked learning concepts along side the application.
The lab sessions and the ta's. They were very helpful and enjoyable. I also enjoyed the lectures
Learning python 
Very open to your time.
I enjoyed getting to do the labs in real time and working with real data. I also think Google Colab was easy to use and a good resource.
I liked the lab sessions best.
I liked the structure. It was helpful to have some flexibility since I have a pretty busy schedule.
The structure of this program, having both lecture and lab sessions.
I enjoyed the coding part.
I liked the structure of the labs.
I like the flexibility 
I liked the content and structure of the course. I liked the elements of review and the homework helped a lot.
I enjoyed learning how to use my knowledge of programming to input and organize through datframes, graphs etc.
Jason :)
i liked the sense of community
Learning how to code different programs.
Semester 1 actually had rigor, so that means I can learn due to it being engaging for me. 

 
I appreciated the depth of the slides.
I enjoyed the content we learned and I found the artificial intelligence interesting, especially building models.
I liked how each lesson built off the previous one. 
I liked the coding part. Although tedious, when the code works it sense of accomplishment.
The frequency of the labs and courses
I really liked how I got an introduction into google colab and can use python to examine data.
being able to meet new people with similar interests
The amount of content covered in labs/lectures is generally more than what I learn in my school classes despite this being 2.5 hours compared to my bell schedule's 4 
I liked the most where we could watch the lab anytime we wanted and office hours
The constant emails and ways we can reach out to those who run TRAIN has made me feel really confident in the course so far. Not only getting feedback on questions so quickly but also allowing us to give you all feedback to help us, the students, better achieve success.
How late work and grading was  
I liked that we had a lab with a smaller amount of participants. 
I liked that semester 1 had the lab to help and the homework review to help with the homework. 
I liked the structure of the course - having a weekly lecture with everyone and then a lab with a smaller group of students helped me learn the material and clear up doubts that I had. The information was also very interesting. I'd taken an AP Stats course last year, where I'd learned a bit about linear regression which definitely helped in this course.
The examples and walk-throughs.  The analogies are also helpful.
Semester 1 felt very balanced in terms of what we learned.
I like the structure of the course and the relaxed approach to a class. For me it is simple, I have some background in this. But for those who don't the cheat sheets and the way the material is covered and the structure of labs is easy to follow, and if  they struggle there are resources available. In the worst case, simply trying means more grade-wise. My conceptual and mathematical knowledge of ML was good, but my skills in implementing a model have increased a lot.
I enjoyed the labs! The labs were where I deepened my understanding of the material and were usually the first place where I put my new knowledge to practice. Having our TA lead us through was especially helpful since I could ask questions along the way and have them answered. I also appreciated how accessible all the resources were, and all the efforts made to make the learning process easier for students.
Summary cheat sheets
I really like the summary cheat sheets and recordings and the fact that we can submit homework unlimited times. 
Learning how to use the different models
I like the challenge it has given me because I have known some coding before but it wasn’t data science it was more programming. I like the timing of the class such as one lecture one lab and the many other resources given. I really appreciated the recording so that I was able to go back to at any time. In terms of the coding material I liked the data I worked with it was goos material and had lots of practices.  
My lab session was medium-sized so it was nice to see the same names every session. My instructor was also really amazing. 

 
The course structure always stood out from the beginning to the present. Being able to learn and apply what we do to the labs and homework makes the information flow easier.
I like the breakdown of information, which really helped build up.
The lab sessions
I enjoyed the content
I liked how there were a variety of functions. 
Lab sessions and the visualization.
The office hours and consistency of teachers 
I liked my lab section and the course structure.
I loved the way the course was structured. It helped me when I did not understand a topic well or if I was taking longer to grasp the meaning of certain information.
I thought that decision trees were particularly interesting
My TA who was very patient during the labs
I really liked the structure of learning AI and data science prerequisites first, and then doing deeper dives into different ML models each week.
I loved the labs!
I loved learning about k-nearest neighbors, and I also really enjoyed visualizing data. 
The things I like the most about the semester is how we had a lot of resources to help us if we are struggling and also having two classes a week. I got to learn so much.
The course structure and that we got time to apply the skills we learned in the labs.
the labs

 
I liked the structure, especially the homework early on, I like how hands on and like w pressure it was
I liked that the labs were actually really helpful when learning, I feel that it is the best way for me to learn the content.
The summaries
I like the begging of the first semester because that was really when I understand a lot and know how to code for homework.
I liked learning all of the new material we went over. I was so happy to find out that the labs and lectures were posted, and it really helped me to understand the concepts more. 
I liked how we learned to actually code the machine learning algorithms in the labs and our homework was based on implementing them.
I loved learning about new concepts in lectures! 
I liked the lab structure, and specifically the ratio of guided parts we do together to sections we can work on our own.
I really liked the instructors and how they always answered questions.
The on hands learning of the material which increased my interest in the information.
I enjoyed the labs.
I loved how flexible and kind TCS is! There's no pressure at all and the staff was super understanding the whole time. The course was very organized and it was so easy for me to learn and follow along. Thank you!
I really liked the community. I felt like you guys really accommodated for everyone and I felt safe and free to ask questions.
The lectures were nice
I liked that there wasn't something to attend everyday and rather there it was blocked out so only 2 zoom meetings were required per week.
coding
I liked how the class was for beginners but also had content for those who were more advanced. I liked that there were many opportunities to get help or explore more about the topic. 
I liked how much you were able to learn and if you forgot you could go back and see what you missed.
The lab sections and homework complemented each other really well; I loved how comprehensive they were.
I liked all the courses. But a little bit they are difficult.
What I liked most about semester 1 of the course are the labs that were fun and engaging as they walked me step by step on what to do.
I like learning to code in the Colab Notebooks, I thought it was a great way to learn about regression and how to graph the regression lines.
I liked the content and course structure the most in this course. I enjoyed attending the lab sessions and learning about everything we did throughout the course. 
I liked how it was possible to catch up on material asynchronously/
I loved the TA for my course. She was extremely fun and made sure that lectures were engaging.
The features of different datasets, and others.
I enjoyed lectures the most, it gave me a chance to take notes and learn more in an environment where I have the opportunity to ask questions. I also liked the homework structure. 
I like how flexible this course is. This course does not feel like a burden, but still gives me a sense of accomplishment. I also like how some of the topics may feel complex, but can be explained in simple terms. An analogy that has stuck with me from this course is that we are learning how to drive a car, not build one. If something is truly difficult, there are multiple resources a student can turn to for help. 
I felt like all of the lectures built upon each other - I don't think I ever felt lost on an assignment. I also appreciated the summaries that I could look back on and study.
I like the ease of access to all the materials provided.
I liked learning about the different kinds of models and how they differ from each other during the first semester of the course. 
My favorite part of the course was the way that it was structured. I enjoyed having small labs where I could run through practices with our teacher and more extensive lectures where I could learn much newer and broader topics. Those two types of classes gave the experience the best of both worlds, personal and general. I also found the courses, while challenging, to not be overwhelming. Before joining the course, I feared that my lack of experience would place me far behind my peers, but I was pleasantly surprised that it didn't. The lessons were well-paced, detailed, and organized, and I especially enjoyed the cheat sheets and the additional office hours to get help and support. It was truly a great and instructive experience. 
I liked learning the code and working on homework
I think I was really excited when we first started building some real ML models. KNN was my personal favorite. 
Even though the pacing of the lectures and courses occasionally grew too quick for me to handle, the weekly rather than daily assignments allowed me time to gain a better grasp of the material, usually by re-watching the lecture or lab videos. All mentors, instructors, and staff exhibited admirable patience, and I greatly appreciated how responsive The Coding School was regarding my emails. Most of all, regardless of how much the homework confused me, I found it to be enjoyable, which I believe is the most important aspect of any learning experience.
I like the punctuality of the labs, they don't go over the alotted time which is good since my lab ends late on a school night.
I loved that I was able to watch a recording of a lab or lecture I missed.
I like how the labs are very good way to learn and help with the homework. The lab teacher is also very nice so it was a fun experience. Additionally, the cheat sheets are helpful as it allows me to find information quicker for things I don't know. 
Not have to attend the labs live. I'm enrolled in Quantum as well and their system is you can watch labs late- this policy is better. 
The usage of linear regression to figure out the relationship to estimate the linear relationship between different features and their target has helped me better understand how various software like LoggerPro work. In addition, it's helped me understand the importance of understanding the average residual mean error(RMSE) and usage of the cost function have been two concepts which have been helping in checking my code. I'm currently working on an internal assessment for a computer science class, so I will be using these concepts more thoroughly. 
I love how you can review past lessons and the constant temperature check to see where you are thought-out labs. Also, before learning new concepts, you get a brief review of last week, and the reassurance that its failure free environment. 
I like the most the lecture/lab format. I enjoyed labs a lot and participating with my classmates
I like how the lab sessions were very interactive, where you could easily talk to the instructor and ask for help is needed
I really liked the course structure, the learning environment and the pace 
I like how easy the canvas is for students to access course resources
I like how there we videos we could go back to watch and use as materials to learn.
I loved how we were able to be taught things that we haven’t before and although it was hard I felt like I grew to understand things that I haven’t before. 
Lectures
I liked the availability of help. Posting cheat sheets, solutions, and homework help helps me not get lost in the material.
As someone entirely new to coding, most of this course was great. I feel that the pacing was great and it rarely felt overwhelming in content while still providing enough new topics that I rarely felt that I was reviewing for a significant portion of the class.
I liked the "cheat sheets" as they made it easy to refer back to functions relevant to the assignment.
I liked the homework help videos
Having the "cheat sheets" available for the code

 
The predictions we made, specifically the one relating to the human faces. I thought those were cool and interesting.
I liked how the course structure made learning AI mostly stress-free.
Something I liked the most about the semester is that it was very interactive when it came to lectures and labs. There were always follow-up questions that kept me in check for the content, which helped whenever I was in doubt. For labs, I enjoyed the lab notebooks because they were very interactive.
In semester 1, I like the most about the summaries are are made available to us. I have chosen the latest lab on Saturday so it is very easy to forget the content from the previous lecture, therefore, those summary really helped me. 

 
I liked having the cheat sheets. They compile all the important code, and notes, and are easily accessible.
I loved my TA in lab!
I enjoyed the content of the course the most!
The lab sessions every week provides a nice style of pacing for the course.
I liked the labs
getting more opportunity's to code
I really liked the informative lectures and interactive lab sessions.
Having small group labs with TAs are very helpful because it's easier to ask questions and work through problems in a smaller environment.
I like that there are two sessions every week, the lecture and the lab, to reinforce the learning. Also, the course moves at a good pace. It doesn't move too fast, but I have still learned a lot about artificial intelligence.
The content was really interesting.
Cheat sheets were very useful
What I liked about semester 1 of this course is the walkthrough of the lab notebooks and getting to interact with the activities. The modules are very organized and neat and it was easy to navigate to where I needed to go. It was very helpful to have the homework solutions for our weekly homework so I can understand the mistakes I missed on the assignments. I liked the weekly cheat sheets because they helped me understand the key terms and coding that I didn't understand. 
Clear understanding of material that instructors could explain well to students
My favorite part was the way this course was structured. The course offered a lot of help and really put emphasis on each student's education and learning experience. I also liked the fact that it wasn't completely self guided, and we always had a place to go whenever we needed help.
I really like the weekly lab sessions because it really helped me understand the content better.
I liked how the course was so flexible. you could watch lectures later if you were busy and also had the opportunity to choose your own lab to make sure you had the time to attend.
I liked actually applying the machine learning models we learned about in labs, for example using them to recognize handwritten digits.
The instructor (Marie), she was really nice and explained the subject properly.
I like how the course structure is challenging, but not too overwhelming.
the assignment on canvas were helpful to see if we understood the content 
the labs.
I liked the easy set up of canvas where I am able to see my grades as well as the modules.
I liked that the course was fast-paced and very interactive. 
Lab sessions
I really like the "stress-free" learning environment! I'm a senior, so I really appreciate this as I'm very busy with schoolwork and college apps. It makes the course non-intruding on my regular schedule and obligations.
I liked the labs and how they were structured but still allowed the lecturer to make the class entertaining and interact with the students.
The small lab sections
The content was very interesting, and it was helpful to be able to rewatch labs and have homework review sessions.
the lecture that featured the higher dimensional model of faces using the algorithms explained in class.
I like how the course is structured and how I can rewatch everything if I missed a lecture or lab.
My favorite part was learning the different models in the labs and then being able to show what I learned to my family. I also liked how relaxed and open the learning environment.
Good explanation of the information shown and how to implement it.
I liked the labs the best
I liked how there was a lot of hands-on coding.
The course content
Loved how challenging the course work truly is, but I don't think seniors are into consideration when determining all these hours spent on assignments. Had a tough time catching up due to college application and AP courses.
I liked the way that the material was being taught. I also liked how the lecture sessions were reviewed in the first few minutes of every lab. 
The pace of the courses and the content involved
I liked that in all the coding exercises during labs and homework, we used real data. It was interesting to see how machine learning can be used in various fields, from making predictions about fish to optimizing tic-tac-toe.
I liked learning about decision trees and also learning from guest speakers and their experience in artificial intelligence. 
The labs were very hands-on and involved. I got great practice applying what I was learning in the lectures. My TA was also very knowledgable and always provided great insight into the questions that I had.
Probably the google colab experience that i had
I liked the guided homework notebook as they were a good review source. 
I personally enjoyed my labs.

 
The cheat sheets are so useful, I even use them for things outside of TCS!
Just the lectures overall, it's informational and kind of fun. 
I enjoyed the small group since my lab contains four students. This small groups allows for better understanding and individualized learning experiences. 
I liked learning about machine learning models and how to code using Python. I enjoyed my lab sections and course structure.
the knowledge
I liked the lectures a lot. I found them interesting, and it was fun when we were able to dig a little deeper into certain topics. 
I liked how little pressure of a course this is
I enjoyed making data sets.
I really liked how structured the course was and how my lab instructor was always willing to help. I also like how organized the Canvas page is, and the cheat sheets.
I liked that Instructor Lev took the time to gauge the feelings of his lab section. It ensured that nobody was left too far behind regarding content and actual learning.
I like how my TA (Mr. Lev) gave us a lot of reviewed and helped us understands more from what we learned in the lecture. 
I liked the lectures in Semester 1, as they gave a lot of useful baseline information regarding Machine Learning models and concepts in general. I also enjoyed how the homework focused more on applications of what we learned in the lecture through code. 
Coding
I really like the labs.
The structure with the Colab notebooks and the labs.
I liked how my TA really helped me understand some of the concepts introduced in the lecture.
I enjoyed the guest speaker who talked about DreamStudio and Stable Diffusion.
Coding and ML lecture
I most enjoyed the relaxed learning atmosphere and being able to rewatch labs. Being able to go back and review what I had learned really helped me. 
I liked the participation during lecture.
Labs with my TA Damon were the best times for me to ask questions and engage personably with someone knowledgeable in the field. He's also super supportive patiently taking time to clarify any concepts that we have lingering doubts about!
I liked the start of the course the best, because it wasn't very overwhelming and I felt like we had enough time to cover all the content. 
I loved generating faces :)
What I liked most about semester 1 of the course is that I was able to learn so much about machine learning and AI, and I also liked the level of difficulty because it made me want to learn more on what I was wrong about.
making my own versions of the ml programs in different languages
I like being able to have all of the resources like the sheets and recordings in case I got stuck on my homework and could not figure out the code. I also enjoyed being able to review in the labs. 
It was very easy to follow along, and I feel like I am more knowledgable about the basics of machine learning.
The enthusiasm of the teachers 
The lectures
My favorite aspect of semester 1 has been that the lectures are recorded and given to students for future use. This has allowed me to further grasp the concepts by being introduced to them in lecture, and has allowed me access to a resource for further exploration. 
I enjoyed the lecture summaries and homework solutions along with the ability to review lectures and labs.
The guest speakers and lectures
I liked that we covered a new topic each week and were given a schedule for what we were going to cover over the course.
i like how the course started out very introductory so that even if I did not have any prior knowledge it was still easy to learn.
I really liked how nice the instructors were and the continued help from them in completing all the assignments. 
I liked how detailed the slides were and how they made sure that you understood the material before moving on. I also how they explained the material to you
Learning about how to implement different models
Concepts taught
I like all the resources provided, such as the cheat sheets and lecture summaries. I think my favorite part of this semester was plotting graphs, decision trees, and the face completion task from lab.
I liked week 11 where we go to touch into photo generating AI. The AI would generate the the other half of the image provided through different algorithms. Providing different aspects and helping analyze which was the most beneficial one. In this case which would make the other half of the image less blurry and more accurate. 
I like how certain topics were presented, and how flexible the lab sections were. When we needed extra review, our TA reviewed the material with us.
I like the lectures on concept of different models and how they work.
I really enjoyed going to lectures and labs because of the amazing instructors. I really liked Jason because I really felt like he put energy into the lectures and felt genuinely passionate about teaching. Also, my lab instructor Kamryn was very helpful and helped me learn a lot as well.
What I liked most about semester 1 of the course is the weekly lab session which is extremely helpful in helping me solidify my understanding of the concepts and practice. It makes the homework problems much easier rather than just going straight from the lecture to the homework. 
I liked the structure of the lab
In semester 1, I enjoyed the labs the most as well as the pacing. The labs feel much closer and the pace is a lot more oriented to my pace and helps me to finish the homework much faster. The summary docs every week are extremely helpful as well. In terms of content, I enjoyed every single lesson, especially the lessons with graphs/decision trees. 
I like the course structure and content.
I really liked the pacing of the course, as I had just the perfect amount of time to fully understand the information before the course moved on to another topic. 
I liked its pacing.
I liked how the labs were set up to review content and practice the functions we learned in lecture. It really helped reinforce the concept for me.
The pacing of the course has been very comfortable. The first few weeks felt slow, but after that I have enjoyed the pace and difficulty of the course. It was interesting and fun.
I enjoyed learning about how to create visuals through code and interpreting data in a new way I had not previously been familiar with. I like that I was able to apply a certain amount of preexisting statistics knowledge as well.
I liked the interactive lab sessions.
I like having the labs to learn how to write the code because I could ask questions in a smaller group.
I really liked the structure of the course and the way we practiced skills in class and then had time to improve upon those skills through the homework. The content is also very interesting, and even though I am already pretty proficient at machine learning, I have learned some new things through this course.
Artificial intelligence generated images 
I really liked the videos going over the homework problems because they helped me realize where I might have gone wrong and helped me reinforce the information.
Learning many different types of codes that can make charts and learning different thing used in AI and ML.
the google colab
The content, being easy to follow and there being so much support offered by the coding school and the community to help better understand Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning. I really love the lectures with Jason, and the live labs to help double down on what we learned with our wonderful TA's.
I appreciated how the lab content went hand in hand with the lecture content and the two sessions reinforced concepts well. 
the teachers
I loved how Gina really explained content in detail and thoroughly, and also loved how she would prioritize our questions first.
Building a variety of models using various datasets and actually getting good results out of them. This made AI feel like something more tangible.
the way that we all have the freedom to ask questions and get the correct answer 
The lab sections were the most impactful part of the course for me, where I would be able to take basically baby steps through the code and the concepts before working with it on my own.
I really like my lab teacher. Not many students in class, so she's able to connect to us individually.
I liked how there was help available when needed
I liked how much my TA Adi was so interested in my class. He gave us such great examples of how AI and machine learning applies to everyday life. We are the next generation of coders and I'm happy to be at the forefront of it with the Coding School. I liked how this course will help me in the future with new advanced tech everyday.
content, the way lecture is run
I really enjoyed the lectures from Semester 1. 
I like how they talked about how machine learning applies to everyday life.
I liked the course structure because it was pretty easy to follow.
I liked labs and that the lectures were recorded so I could rewatch them.
I liked the process we took to train models, and learning new models that can do new things was quite interesting. Also, testing with a visual how our predictions compared to reality was fun.
The simplicity of the instructions (in most places; others were very difficult to understand).
The ability to learn how to make basic models and apply data to it, it's really cool to see this in action.
I really enjoyed how the ML process demystified so the point where I understand what hyperparameter tuning means. 
I loved how the labs focused on real world scenarios and datasets.
I liked the labs and homework because they were approachable and easy to understand. The summary sheets were also very thorough.
I liked how the homework tested our knowledge of the new material.
it not designed to be challenging
I like the Lab Homeworks that we were required to do. I think it is great application practice.
Everything was very stress-free!! I loved the labs and lectures and found that I learned a lot from them!!!
I like the flexibility and ability to make-up assignments if you're extremely busy.
I really enjoyed the lab sessions and being able to work through the content step by step. It helped clarify questions and expand on content discussed in lectures. 
I enjoyed learning the theoretical side of AI and whether it was moral or not. 
I like how everyone in the labs got along with each other. They course structure is also well made as I'm able to grasp the concepts of the course well.
I liked the illustrations on the slides the most, as they were great for visualizing stuff throughout the lectures.
The lab days helped me out a lot to understand the content
I liked the individual small group classes I had on Tuesday as I felt that was a great way to recap what I have learned.
I liked how we had two zoom call per week. It was a good amount  
I enjoyed attending the labs and practicing material together.
I liked lists, KNN nearest neighbors, etc.
I liked the labs the most! They were informative and gave in-depth explanations and examples of how to apply the concepts taught during the lectures.
I liked the homework because it gave me the opportunity to put what I learned in lab into practice. It usually helped me understand concepts better when I had to think through the homework questions.
I loved being able to program as homework. And I loved not having to self-teach myself anything.
The homework activities and projects.
learning in lab
Lab assignments
I liked the course structure the most because it kept everything reasonable
How interactive the lab sessions were
I liked the Dall-E sessions at the start and the ease at which the instructor explained the content
Coding!
I loved the discord group. KNN and Decision Trees were the easiest to learn.
The fact that i’m trying machine learning as something in highschool. 
I liked learning about models and coding them.
The personalized lab sessions were great! I also really enjoyed hearing from guest speakers.
I liked the projects that used one of the learning algorithms to visualize/predict real-world events
The labs in colab
I was glad that I could change lab.
learn about coding.
I like that we get lots of resources and help.
I liked that everything was rewatchable and they structured it for true beginners and provided the resources for us to both self study and study with help. 
I enjoyed the accessibility of the cheat sheets and lecture material, reinforcing my understanding of lab and homework assignments. I also found the lenient structure of labs to be quite nice, though I would like to have more review material to sufficiently gain confidence in my python abilities -- especially for pst techniques like plotting with matplotlib, decision trees, etc. (Though, I think the current labs do a pretty good job at touching on past material.
I liked being able to go back in lectures and labs and review since sometimes questions arise after the lab.
I really liked the homework assignments. They allowed me to try my hand at coding and using the information we learned in class in a real way. 
I really enjoyed my lab sessions.
The instructors were awesome and so is The Coding School. Thank you!
I really liked how the content has been paced. I feel like I’m getting just the right amount of time to grasp all the concepts taught in lecture.
I really enjoyed how Jason at times talked about complicated concepts in part but then also making fundamental concepts such as decision trees, KNN learning and linear regression so they were easy to understand.
I liked how the course introduced and eased newcomers like me into coding.
I liked the enthusiasm from my lab teacher.
I like the simulations of the games like tic tac toe, where we tried to calculate the winner using machine learning.
I really liked the labs more than the lectures because they were more focused on a specific lesson and it since there were less people, I feel like I was able to learn more and ask more questions.
I liked the content that we were learning and the labs.
I think the thing I liked most about this course was the material. It's fascinating learning about all this stuff that powers so many mechanisms, and can be used for so much. Also, some robotics programs use packages that let you easily use these AIs, and this course lets me see exactly how those packages work.

Another thing I thought was nice was that the course was pretty easy in terms of homework. This meant that, in order to get a good grade, I didn't have to spend too much time doing very hard problems, and could use that remaining time to learn more in-depth on my own about machine learning. I thought the homework was also just enough to get the concepts nicely stuck in my mind
Being able to have guided labs
I liked how the labs reinforced what was learned in the lectures and that we continued to practice code even when that code wasn't the main focus of the lesson.
I liked learning about decision trees (they're cool!) and also how the course adjusts to our needs and makes sure none of us are left behind or confused (for the most part).
My favorite part of the semester was learning about how the AI programs work/what goes on behind the scenes during the weekly lectures. I would love to find out more about the concepts and ideas behind machine learning. 
My favorite part of semester one of the course has been the weekly lectures.
All the opportunities given to students to help us succeed in our learning have really made me enjoy semester 1 of this course. 
Learning how to code, and Bens classes doing the Dall E before class
