Every one taught us great .Thank you
Loved the semester. Thank you
Love his enthusiasm!
Thank you for teaching me so much new stuff in this course I  had a lot of fun and I learned a lot.
thank you for your time and your help guiding us through this great journey
The TA for my lab 16 was great and I think he did an amazing job describing the concepts in a way that is understandable.
Thank you for everything! It's been great weeks and I've learned a lot thanks to you! Happy holidays!
i love you all you are big inspiration
The instructor is perfect
Even though this is after winter break (oops!), I just want to say THANK YOU Yelissa!!! Even when there was days that I felt tired and unmotivated, you made lab so enjoyable that I looked forward to attending my lab section as much as I could no matter what was going on in my life. I also can't thank you enough for being so real. I really appreciated hearing how you also struggled learning this type of material at your university because it made me feel less alone not always knowing everything. On top of that I really appreciate your understanding of how it feels like to be student learning something new for the first time. When you you shared your experience with your physics teacher that always assumed students knew certain things or passed complex topics as being "easy" which sometimes made students feel bad about themselves for not finding it to be "easy" I couldn't relate more! Thank you so much! You inspire me so much and I hope you the best no matter where you are in life. Just know that you have impacted my life in such a great way that I don't know how to even begin to thank you for! Best TA at the coding school and anyone who disagrees with me can fight me lol. Thank you, thank you, thank youuu!!!
Nitya was amazing and I loved how she explained things
Thank you for being able to teach us! 
Thank you so much for lab! It was a lot of fun! 
Get a better PC.
Recognize your greatness. You're doing awesome. 
thank you TA for your patient teaching style.
Thank you.
What does a qubit look like physically? We can see classical bits represented by a flow of electricity, but what is a qubit represented as?
i love you <3
Dear Instructor and TA,

I just wanted to express my gratitude for the work you have put into the quantum computing course this semester. The lectures were well-organized and the material was presented in a clear and understandable way. Your enthusiasm for the subject was contagious and made the class all the more engaging.

I also appreciated the availability of office hours and the willingness of both of you to answer questions and provide additional help when needed. It was clear that you were both dedicated to helping us succeed in the course.

Thank you for a great semester and have a wonderful winter break!

Sincerely, 

Ayush Chauhan
Hope you had a very merry christmas and i'll see you in the new year!
Great Job !!. Thank you so much for helping us
Thank you for all you do; I appreciate it so much! 
You are awesome!
Thank you for a great semester 
Hope you had a good winter break and New Years!
Thank you for your passion and effort to teach us well about coding. 
Am thankful for the course. It is impactful 
Many thanks
Thank you a lot
Many thanks
I want to use this medium to thank all my instructors last semester, I was an awesome experience for me to have them teach me.
Thank you for teaching us, I look forward to second semester :)
It was awesome to be taught by you.
Thank you for putting in all this effort and have a wonderful winter break! 
very good explanations, i can feel their passion for teaching
The instructors and the TA have been a class apart typically because I have been watching more of recordings than live sessions. I was able to follow, through, minus further questions.
I really liked my TA and he explained things really well.
Thank you so much!
Thank you so much for your time and hardwork!
Thanks for this awesome course
I think that the course has been an opportunity to learn a completely new topic which can come into use later.
I hope you had a great winter break, I liked having you as a teacher, the class as a whole was really cool
You’re doing great!
my immense gratitude to our dedicated instructors who struggled hard to deliver this outstanding knowledge to us, i really appreciate that. Thank you qubit by qubit.  
Dear Instructors!

I truly enjoyed your lectures and would like to express my appreciation for the knowledge you shared.
Thank you for all your hard work, and the help you provided the program and us this year. I hope you have a wonderful winter break.
Thank you!
Josh, Thank you so much for all your time!
I can't think of any notes for improvement. I just want to thank you for providing this teaching which helps grow my experience and skills in a field that I am very connected to and my career will be in. Also, thanks for using my pronouns! 

(Sorry, I did forget to fill this out sooner but at least I realized it eventually.)

 

Thank you,

Angel Archuleta
Great classes, I enjoyed the pace and detail you teach with 
Thank you so much!!!
I look forward to giving my all this semester being present for each class and really diving into the world of quantum computing
Thank you 
I love you and you are a really good teacher.
Thank you so so much for everything!! It's been a great semester and a very nice experience. 
Very clear and helpful in reiterating points during the videos
Thank you! I really enjoyed this semester, and everything you did! 
Looking ahead to join you again to know amazing science facts.

 
You were a very helpful resource for learning about quantum computing.
Thank you everyone for sharing your time and knowledge with us students. I really learned a lot this semester and look forward to learning more next semester.
Nothing to leave here.
Thank you for your informative lab sessions - they were fun and interesting!
I really appreciate everyone who supported me, go to classes and learn and also watch the recorded videos. thanks really. I will make more in my homework 
Thank you!
Thanks instructor and TA to hold the wonderful course.
Good job teaching the course, you are doing a good job.
thank you so much!
I hope you had a great break, Thomas!
I love your teaching style and it really helped me understand the concepts.
Even though it is after winter break, I am thankful for learning with you!
The TA is very good , and helpful for me
You were a great TA.
Thank you for showing me the beauty of this.
Thank you Alev for all your hard work!
Thank you for making our learning experience engaging!
I really like how clear you can make all of the content as you review it. 
Thank you so much for everything!
I hope you have a great winter break!
Hope you have a wonderful Christmas and a very Happy new year!
Thank you for everything, I really liked how you paid attention to the students when they asked for your help, and how hard you tried to help them.
I would really like to thank my TA, Hunter! His enthusiasm and 
Thank you Adam for all the amazing lab sessions, you really did help cement concepts and explained information very well. 
Great work!!! Thank you so much for your efforts.
The efforts put in 
You are the best.
I'm grateful to my TAs, have had about three of them teach me this semester and especially Adams, he has been the best at attending to us.
Thank you for all your help! I have learned a lot.
Thanks for teaching and helping me understand the material!
Thank you for sacrificing your time from school/work/family to teach us the valuable information about quantum mechanics and computing. 
thank you
Have a good winter break!
Probably, I might be the one whom you have seen the fewest time. I would like to apologies for my bad internet connection and frequent power cut. I  understand the effort you are making to engage all of us equally to this field, like you are. 

I promise to make this year that I attend all of your classes and make your time worth it. So thankyou for your selfless contribution and thankyou for believing that we can love this field equally as you are.

I wish to meet you in person once I arrive to USA for my bachelors. Until then, I hope to connect with you. Cheers!!

 
Thanks a lot. You have done a wonderful job in teaching us. I am able to understand what you taught very easily. Thanks again
Thank you for all your time and all your help to teach me this subject which is still under development and not many people know about. It was wonderful learning about it and I had a most fun and insightful time.
It is tough to say goodbye but all I want to say is thank you for genuinely making the learning experience better and making us love the subject rather than just sitting through. You make Quantum computing fun :)
Unfortunately, they won't be able to read this before the winter break as I am filling this in on 1/1. But I would wish everyone involved a wonderful year ahead, from Gabbie to Mark, you have been awesome!
Hello,

My name is Aditi and i just wanted to say a huge thank you to you for giving us so much of you time to help us learn more about a developing, newer generation of computing. it really helped me because this helps me to understand more about this field of computing and how science can be used in it. Especially, because my future career is as a woman in STEM! Thank you for helping to keep the passion alive! Have a great Christmas and a Happy New Year!

 

Best Wishes,

                      Aditi Bajaj 
TA was good
You were literally so awesome! I really loved the fact that you took the time to answer all of our questions and went over the homework with us.
I like the moments I shared with my instructor and TA. And sending this specifically to kiera peltz that I miss her.
Thank you so much!
No notes
Ricky is pretty chill and explains peoples unrelated questions
i am just amazed at how they have made quantum look more familiar to us like the complexities have been all broken down to our understanding
I really love your teaching you're the best
Thanks for being a great TA! Happy Holidays, and Happy New Year!
It is great for having you with as and you are very supportive for us and I wanna thank you and happy Christmas and happy new year 
Thank you very much for teaching us quantum! I had a great time learning and expanding my knowledge. Your lab sessions are energetic and are not boring, it makes my Friday nights better! Once again, thank you very much for your hard work and have a great Christmas break!
To: Addie (even though its late),

I hope you have a nice winter break :D
Thank you so much for the first semester! Your explanation were clear and easy to understand and you always expanded on anything we were confused with.
Thank you very much for all your efforts, have a nice holiday!
Thank you for teaching.
Thank you for the time you have taken to teach us about quantum computing.
have a nice break :D
Thank you so much for being such a lighthearted and insightful teacher/mentor!
Thanks for staying on top of us!
HAPPY HOLIDAYS!!!
Merry Christmas and a Happy New year. And i love u guys and ur teaching. 
Merry Christmas, thank you classes are really interesting and educating. 
Thank you for your time and awesome teaching this semester, it's been amazing, quantum style!
Please have another social mixer event next semester!
I love your teachings. 
I loved labs with Riley!! He was so sweet and really explained all the concepts!
You are doing great it helped me a lot watching all those tutorials and lectures 
I just wanted to say thanks to my TA, Yelissa, for helping us so much and answering our questions in depth! Have a great winter break!
Thank you so much for your hard work. Happy Holidays and see you next semester!
I really liked the way my TA was always nice and eager to share his knowledge with us:)
The way you teach is really love!
Love you guys!!!!! Thank you for being such amazing and helpful instructors. 

Hope to meet you all again soon!
Thank you for the way you make quantum Computing interested and real to me. My interest has developed even more and I'll be pursuing graduate studies in Quantum Information Science. 
You were very good at explaining the subjects. Thank you!
Uh, whoops, I did this too early. Sorry.
Thank you for this magnificent courseeee
I need guidance to work on STEM.
Your Sessions were really helpful in completing the assignments. Thank you and Happy holidays! 
I just want to say thank you for your efforts during this semester, and hope you have a good winter break.
Thank you for all!
I'm very grateful to have enrolled in this course and having such wonderful peoples such as yourselves teach and guide me through it.
Sorry I wasn't able to make it because my father died
I use this opportunity to say a big thank you to my instructor and TA you have been doing wonderfully well to make the classes interactive and inspirational and would love if u can do better by breaking the English down to a generally familiar ones to help those not so good in listening skills to grab informations well. Happy New Year in advance!
Thanks for always making the lessons exciting and fun! Have a nice break!
Thank you so much to Addie,she was an amazing TA. She liked Naruto which I also do,but that's not the reason I commend her,haha. But she has been a good TA.
You are amazing
Thank you so much for being my teacher this semester!
Thank you for all your efforts 
So long as men can breathe or eyes can see,

so long lives this, and this gives live to thee.
Thank you for you hard work! Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.
You were amazing!
such a good person and human. (Good TA)
I am satisfied the way things are going but during the lab we usually don't get enough time to finish things that needs to be improved.

 
Hope you can enjoy this break, it is awesome to work with you!
Hope you enjoy this break! It has been great to learn with you.
It was a good experience, I enjoyed it! 
Keep up, this project is very interesting.
Thankyou so much for your time and efforts!
Thank you so much for taking time out of your schedule to teach me such complex topics. I cannot express how appreciative I am. Have a good Christmas :).
Thank you for all the work you put into this class!! We are paving new roads! 
Please try to go little slow in lectures.
I love quantum and my teachers I just want to say thank you for all of you.
This course is such an amazing introduction to Quantum Computing. However, it would be nothing without the amazing and passionate mentors who teach us. Thank you all! Thank you Ricky, you are always so enthusiastic and make things even more fun!!
He mostly comes up with a really good explanation for every doubt asked. Do you know any project that I can also get access to. I am learning on my own as well and want to gain experience. Also thanks for being a fabulous instructor. Merry Christmas! 
Really grateful to all the TA and instructors, they made the classes really interesting. Happy Christmas!! Have a lovely new year!!
I thought my TA did a great job of making sure everyone understood the material.
Thank you for your patience and kindness! Hope you have a good winter break!
Thank you so much for taking the time to make our labs awesome! I really appreciate what you are doing and the impact you are having on us.
You are amazing.
You really improved my skills and I saw that this course is really my place!
None.
Thank you so much for your help and support throughout. Overall, it had been a nice experience. I think it is awesome to be able to code on a real quantum computer.
Thanks for your help.
Hey AJ! It was great talking about a thousand and one ways on how inefficient we can make those quantum computers! Have a great break, and I hope we see each other in the next semester's section!
Thanks for everything!

 

 
Thank you for your time. I appreciate you teaching us all about quantum computing. Merry Christmas, I love you and so does God. 
Great job Rick!
Thank you for the lectures and your hard work! This semester was a lot of fun and full of learning.
Thanks and I can't wait to start the next semester with you guys!

PS: Special thanks to Fran, Amir, and Hunter for making the lectures and lab lively and addressing all the questions!
The TAs have been soo amazing A big thank you to them and may their efforts and hardwork bring them blessings in abundance.Happy holidays and enjoy this winter.
Saasha was great she always took time to answer peoples questions and would do her best to make sure we understood everything we needed for the homework. 
Thank you!
I am loving this course! Thank you for your time and your efforts to share your knowledge! 
Thank you!
Thanks for your time and for being so enthusiastic.
First of all, thank you for everything.  Maybe we don't know each other, but we had really good lessons and weekends together.  Thanks to you, I have improved myself quite well. I hope everything goes your way.
I really appreciate my TA throughout the first semester.
. . .
Thank you so much for everything you've done for us!! your teaching has been invaluable and greatly appreciated :)
I highly enjoyed Yelissa during our labs. She made it very fun and interactive and I looked forward to going to our labs every week!
I think the what I would say is thank you for answering my question and happy holiday!
Happy Holidays!
Thanks a lot for your efforts. You have explained a lot of information for me and my friends during the previous semester. You helped me expand me Knowledge in quantum mechanics and generally STEM schools. You deserve all the best. Thx my amazing instructor for those enjoyable and exciting sessions. 
have a great break!
Josh sir, you are great. We all loved your class. You never dodged any questions and were always excited to share new improvements and news in the world of quantum computing. Thanks for being so kind and helpful. Hoping to see you in next sem !
have a good break! <3
Thank you so much for being such an amazing teacher! Even though we were learning online you made it feel like we’re were there with you and you made learning a hard concept so much fun. I hope you have a wonderful holiday and new years! 
Thanks for everything! All the best!
Hope you have a wonderful winter break! Thank you for getting me in to the world of quantum. See ya next semester! ^^
Thank you so much, I loved the experience and I am happy you are so helpful and understanding! Marry Christmas!
I really enjoyed our lab sessions! Thank you for being such a great instructor!
Keep up the good work and remain patient to the newbies like me. 
it is good to have project base lab in next semester. 
Merry Christmas.Thank you so much! You've made this course feel very welcoming and friendly.
Everything was wonderful!
nothing
Tysm for everything <3
Next year, I know I can explore the software side of quantum computing. Hopefully you also let us know , what limitations it has and how scientists are trying to overcome that and how we can help in that. I mean, I know how x, h c gates work in theory. I would like to explore the hardware side and know why errors occurs and what is coherence and timeout and measurements error.

 

Happy to get and overview of physical, chemical mathematical , electrical aspect of quantum computers.

 

 
you're doing great
That you for al the appealing and engrossing sessions.
Hope you have a wonderful holiday!!!
Thank you so much!
I thank the instructor and the TA for good explanations of the concepts.
Thank you for a wonderful first semester!
Thank you for keeping the labs very chill! I always feel comfortable during our labs, it somehow lessens the complexity of what we're learning about HUSAHAHHAHA
I would like to thank them for their hard work.
My TA, Sanskriti Deva, was very enthusiastic to take the lab sessions and helped me anytime I faced a difficulty in understanding the concepts. She was one of the greatest instructors I ever had.

I had a wonderful time during this semester and looking forward to the same in the next semester. Happy holidays. 
To Alex: thank you for being accommodating to the questions as they come up. It makes the learning experience more organic and feel like a real classroom, which can be difficult to achieve in a remote setup.
Thank you very much Ms. Saasha for being my TA! I have learned a lot from this course, and your way of teaching and taking the time to explain and allow for questions was very helpful. Happy holidays!
Have a lovely winter break and I hope to see you next semester. Happy Holidays!!!
not much to say, than appreciating them shearing the knowledge of QC. 

love u all and have a wonderful winter break
Thank you so much Amir and Fran, I don't think you guys realize how much both of you have contributed into my life. I'll forever thank you for teaching me along with thousands of other students other there who just want to know a little more about quantum computing. Merry Christmas and happy new year!
Josh, Thank you for taking the time to teach and guide us in Quantum Computing! I absolutely loved you as my instructor and appreciate the time you took to help me understand the material! Your way of teaching fits well with my learning style. Also, Kahoot was very fun! My schedule is pretty busy next semester, but I'm going to make room so I can continue to be in your class. Enjoy the break and Happy Holidays!
Thank you for the assistance and Happy Holidays!
Thank you so much for everything!
Thanks so much for all of the help! I really learned a lot. Hope to see you next semester. 
A multitude of thanks to you, i really appreciate your supports.
thank you guys so so so so so much.
Really fun last lecture. I liked how our labs covered topics more in depth that we learned from the lecture.
Thank you for helping me if you're reading this Ricky. :)

                                                                                         -Santiago Rios G.
Thank you for everything!
I really liked the way you made everything approachable!
thank you for being so passionate and engaged throughout this course and for taking the time to help and genuinely caring
To my instructor, thank you for your patience and time, having you as my instructor is awesome.
Happy holidays
thanks
Happy holidays
Thanks for teaching our labs!
Thank you Fran and Amer! 
You've slayed this semester, man, continue doing this. The world would benefit lots from having a university professor like you so you might want to consider that
Thank you very much, bless up mi genna from Jamaica.
TA has very knowledge, He is so kind and he started from basic and make us expert. 
I understood everything very well.
I really appreciate your efforts it was a great thing to learn from you my favorite part was that you never made me feel like dumb for not understanding or knowing anything furthermore you always told us not to worry and it's okay not understand any part quickly . so thank you a lot 
Thank you and happy holidays!
Thank you for making lab so fun and easy to follow! 
Thank you!!!
Nothing 
Thank you all for your great efforts. I wish happy break :)
Lab instructor are very good and helpful. somewhat lectures speed is high.
To Addie. She's been a great lab tutor! 

 

 
Merry Christmas!
Thank you for the great knowledge and experience that you impart in us. I apologize for the uncompleted work that I still haven’t turned in. Next semester will be better and I will say that I won’t have any late or missing work. I feel very determined to do much better next semester
Thanks for all of the learning, I'm looking forward for the next semester.
Thank you all so much! I really enjoyed learning form you all this year.
I love my TA. Josh is very helpful but as stated before I don’t know where half of these topics came from (Ex: the sphere for gates)
Thank you for your help!
Thank you
Thank you for teaching me so much and making sure to share your information with me. Happy Holidays!
Thank you so much for dedication on preparing such a great material with very engaging deliveries. 
You are awesome , Please keep it up
U did an amazing job... well done!!
I hope everyone has a great holiday break!
They are very helpfull. I realy ned to thank them.
Merry Christmas 
I felt they were really good.They really explained stuff very well even without the math required to explain it.
Amazing teacher! Loved having labs each week.
Just a request if maybe there are some offers inform of electronic gadgets that can help some of us who don't have access to computers 
Thank you for your teaching :]
 Thank you very much for the course. I enjoyed every minute of your lecture. I truly appreciate you and your time you spent helping me in many occasions.
Have a great holiday! All of you!
Hi Addie! Labs were really fun with you this semester, and I can't wait for Semester 2! Also, thank you so much for answering all my questions :)
I really enjoyed the lab sessions. Thank you!
Thank you Alev for the lab sessions. It was fun and learning as well.
Thank you for all the efforts I thoroughly enjoyed the first sem. Looking forward to second sem eagerly 
You've been great!
Thank you for everything, your energy, your passion, and your drive! Happy Holidays!
I think she is kind and sweet. She explains stuff very well.
Thank you so much for teaching the first semester of this course! I found it really interesting and look forward to the second semester!
Thank you for teachingus!
Thank you very much for your time and effort! I am very grateful for the opportunity to learn from such knowledgeable people.
Thank you so much for this awesome course!
It was really good. Thanks for the extra efforts
Thank you so much! I really enjoyed your lectures!
I loved each and every aspect of this course. I never thought I would even remotely enjoy waking up 5 in the morning to study, but I did. I loved how passionate the teaching staff were and also my fellow classmates. It was really inspiring. Wish you all an amazing Winter Break!

Thank You!!
TA is very kind and helpful!
I would like to thank Joe for always taking the time to answer our questions!
Thank you for bringing me one step further into the fascinating world of quantum computing!
Merry Christmas!
Thank you so much for an engaging semester! I've loved the content and loved the lab work and the way you've explained concepts. I am a dual degree student in Physics and Mechanical Engineering doing research in photonic quantum computing at UMD , your explanations have helped me in the lab to understand concepts more intuitively rather than strictly relying on a mathematical basis.
if you could, can I have classes on Saturday’s because I am available on that day, because of work. Thanks and have a good break
Thank you for all your help. I learned a lot!
Thank you for teaching!
No Note
Joshua was a good TA. Maybe he should answer questions that are more relevant to the labs during the labs and the other questions that are less relevant at the end. 
Thank you so much! Your teaching in the labs was extremely useful for the advancement of my quantum computing knowledge, and it was highly appreciated!
I enjoyed attending the labs. The labs helped in revising what has been taught and making myself familiar with the Qiskit platform. Shout out to my Lab TA - Hunter Solomon, who is super friendly and approachable person in general

Thank you Hunter for sharing interesting 'Did you know?' stuff at the beginning of every lab. Nice and creative way of starting the lab by sharing your experiences based the pic of the place you share with us. I would love to hang out with you sometime in the future.

Thank you :)
Thank you for taking your time and working hard to explain these difficult concepts in quantum computing! 
The instructors and TAs were excellent throughout the semester.
Thank you so much for doing the labs! I really enjoyed them!
Thanks for sticking with us! I know we weren’t exactly the most interactive, responsive group, but I appreciated the attempts.
You guys are awesome teachers. 
Thank you very much for the great semester! I never thought I'd actually be able to understand a lot of the concepts we've gone over, but our question and answer sessions throughout the course were very helpful, and I am very glad for having had this opportunity and continuing to have it going into semester two. Have a great winter break!
I love how the TA teach, and I have full of positives for them.
My TA was super nice and welcoming!
Thank you for teaching us! You've done a wonderful job this semester and I cannot wait to continue learning.
Thank you very much for helping us with homework and teaching us so we better understand the new concepts of quantum computing!
Thank you for your great work on instructing and introducing many of the concepts in Quantum Computing.
I enjoy your labs!
Hope everyone has a good break! Thank you all for your hard work!!
I loved all the classes, thank you for your enthusiasm and teaching us some super cool things!
Thank you very much! I have learned a lot about quantum computing
Thank you all for your hard work throughout the semester. I wouldn't have gotten here without all of you. I managed to learn so much over this semester. I wouldn't be able to learn all of this on my own. Once again thank you so much.

 

Merry Christmas!! and for those who don't celebrate Happy Holidays!! I look forward to seeing all of you in semester two.
I want to thank the teaching team for doing such a great job :) everyone I've talked to is really patient and smart, and the people make the course a better experience.
Ricky was the GOAT. I'm praying that my class schedule will allow me to take lab with him again next semester! Have a great Holiday,
Thank you! As in, really, seriously, thank you. The learning process was smooth and efficient (e.g. easy-to-follow lectures and subsequent relevant labs) and I enjoyed learning about quantum from you. One cool finding that I'd like to tell you about is how after learning about quantum, I began to see it more in my life; superposition when I learnt about electrons in school, the occasional thought about quantum physics when I see classical physics in action, and taking the initiative to learn more about quantum on my own (e.g. the youtube video "How Physicists Created a Holographic Wormhole in a Quantum Computer" was especially interesting -- and I actually understood what concepts they were talking about!) And that was all thanks to you and your teaching. Thank you for showing me how cool of a world quantum is!
Thanks a lot for everything, you made learning something complicated sound very easy
Thank you so much for being my TA, I learnt a lot in the class
Happy holidays.

 
Dear Instructor, thank you for your dedication in teaching us. Wish you have a great winter break.
I enjoyed this semester so much! Thank you!
Thanks for a great semester Thomas have a good break!
If possible, could you have more reminders about lab and homework, etc. It's easy for students to forget about these things when they have school and extracurricular activites.
Thank you! Enjoy the break!
Thank both of the TA's for their time.  I know it is tough to manage a large recitation!
Thank you for a great year so far!
Thank you very much for being my teacher thus far, and thank you in advance for continuing to be my teacher in this upcoming semester.
Thank you so much for all your hard work!! Have a great break!
You are so chill :D I enjoyed having lab with you because you encouraged us to follow along and praised us if we understood a concept. You gave thorough explanations too! Have a nice winter break :))
Really thank you to the all the instructor and TA's!!!!!
Thank you for taking your time by teaching it to all of us this fascinating field. 
Thank you for giving us a chance to learn the quantum computing this early. I liked it a lot.
- Our lab TA is so friendly and nice and open to answer all our questions.
Thank you for teaching us everything!
You were very kind and helpful, and very knowledgeable. It was a pleasure to have you as my instructor.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR THE GREAT LABS WE HAD
My TA was very nice and good at explaining things. 
I really enjoyed the labs as you made them fun to be a part of.

I hope you have a wonderful break and do well on all of your exams!!

Thank you!
Thank you for being very nice and flexible!
Thank you Joe!! You kept the zoom lab sessions lively!
THANK YOU SO MUCH Yelissa for being my TA, I appreciate your patience and effort. 
Thank you so much! You're an amazing TA.
You are doing a good job 
Happy holidays!
Thank you so much for all that you've done to make this semester a success! I really enjoyed this course and am planning on learning more quantum computing in the future.
great job!
Thank you, Addie!
Thank you so much! I had a great semester.
Thanks a ton. You've done an amazing job. 
Have a great holiday break!
Thank you for your help and patience. You made class more fun and interesting. Hope to see you next semester! 
Thank you for teaching us for this first semester!
Thanks for teaching session 8 with such interest and passion. It was nice to learn about an interesting subject with a passionate teacher.
Thank you for teaching! 
I hope I would be able to spend next lessons and especially labs with you.
Have a nice break :)
Thank you for your time!
thank you
I thank you so much for all that you teach me, so I could learn about Quantum Computing and other things. Thanks to this I was able to teach many things to my father because he works in IBM so he need it. I wish you a merry christmas and a happy new year!
I want to say thank you for the insightful and fun times we had in our lab sessions. I am especially grateful about the job postings we were able to see throughout the semester as it assured me that there is a real future in pursuing my dream job, which is using a blend of physics and machine learning to understand more about the universe.
Very cool guy and explains things effectively. I think he can provide some notes or he can use some kind of board so that his explanation can be visualize easily.
Thanks guys for the enriched content
Thank you very much for making this learning experience possible!!
Hi, love the Quantum content. 
My TA has been great! The labs have been my favorite part of this course, and I look forward to them every week.
Thank you!!!
Thank you!
I enjoyed working with you this semester, labs were always engaging and thought provoking! I look forward to continuing this lab section next semester. Happy Holidays! 
I think doing things more straightforwardly by answering questions at the end of class instead of always interrupting might help better with comprehension.
thank you immensley for the opportunity
I love this project
You're awesome
I'm happy to have you as my instructor and TA. I have gained amazing knowledge from you. I hope to see you after the winter break. I'm sure you will push me to the dippest portion of Quantum Physics in the camming semester, and I'm grateful for this. 
Well done! You were awesome!!
Thank you for your help! Have a great break!
You are doing a great job and I appreciate your contribution in the field of Quantum Computing. Remarkable!
Thank you and have a great holiday 

 
I really like that lab sessions are long enough to learn what you, also its great being able to participate.
Keep up the good work. 
Thank you AJ for being such a good TA. Your explanations really solidified my understanding of the material.
As an educator, I would benefit from participating in a lab or some other forum that included educators. Possible?

 
Wish you all a great break and look forward to learning more during the next semester!
AJ you are a legend happy holidays brotha-

 

PS. I got into Cornell!!!!
Thank you for the shared knowledge!
William was an amaaazing TA, hope to have him again next semester! Even if he doesn't keep doing this, I still want to thank him for being the highlight of the week - so cheerful and bright and tysm for always leaving the notebook links in the chat - a small gesture that meant a lot and showed how kind and patient he is. Really great at explaining and love how calm yet content he always has. Thanks lots for the great semester and good luck with your studies going forward! 
Have a wonderful time!
i want to thank him for his effort, the session was a safe space for everyone it was very informative
Thank you for our time in semester 1. Excited for SM 2 already! I hope to get some an internship or research opportunities so please share us that kinds of resources.
Have a great winter break!
Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge. I hope that I'll be able to contribute to the quantum community in the near future.
My TAs were very knowledgable about the subjects they taught and they made the labs a lot of fun!
I like the effort you're putting in, and I'm trying to show the same effort. 
Thanks for providing knowledgeable explanations in a way that was easy to understand!
Thank you so much for your teachings.

 
Thank you very much for your effort and for explaining the subjects as much as you can 
Thank you very much for teaching us all about Quantum Computing! You are a great instructor.
thank you all for your efforts i apricate all u did for us
thank you so much for doing all that you do. You guys are amazing and fantastic!
Have fun
Happy holiday
It ok 
They are a wonderful person with an incredible personality, their help and the way they taught the material was amazing. THANK YOU FOR BEING AWESOME!!!
Well done instructor or TA. In the first semester, it was great having you. 
Thank you so much! I had a lot of fun learning about quantum computation.
Great job with everything! Thank you for helping us understand all the content.
thanks to you these 5 hours hours a week was pure fun! i hope you have very restfull break
I feel that my TA was incredibly helpful, friendly, and informative, so overall, Great Job. 
you guys are amazing :)
Thanks for teaching us! It was really fun being able to learn from you!
Thank you for a great first semester!  Have a nice break!
Have a Great Winter break, and Thanks for all the effort and time.
Thank you Amir and Francis for having great lectures for a semester. It has been an informative lecture to enjoy. Also, thank you for Alex being an outstanding TA for a semester.
Hi! Thank you for teaching me!
I'd like to say thank you very much to Mr Ricky Dube. His expertise really helped me a lot in understanding more and more of Quantum Computing.
I highly appreciate your instruction this semester. Have a great Christmas and/or winter break!
All I have is gratitude for this course that for allowing me in this course and let me study these great concepts.
Thank you so much for your time and efforts in giving us such a valuable and well thought-out and well-explained teaching experience; it's been an absolute pleasure. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year to all instructors and TA's, see you next semester!
I love it, he is very good!
Just thank you a lot
Thank you so much for all your hard work! I highly appreciate it.
Thanks, you were great and I learned a lot from you. Loved your funny stories from college and such especially. - Jake 
I was completely satisfied with the TA. He was able to teach well and make the classes interesting. The only thing I would recommend is going over the topics learnt at the very beginning again. 
idk what to say exept thanks for their work
Thank you so much for all your help! I enjoyed your constant energy and amazing attempts to make this course interesting, but also fun for all of us! I hope you have an amazing break! :)
You are amazing!
I want to say thanks for yours times, yours passions to transmite the quantum's knowledge and for do this course like a opportunity to growth in this area. You're a change's agent in the education world!
Happy Christmas 
For instructor I would like to thank for the amazing course content. Every lecture you will give bigger picture of quantum computing and encourage us to think big. 

 

For TA , it's was really helpful when you give us a summary of the previous week and you made sure that everyone is following and no one is falling behind. Thank you for this consideration. 
Bestest instructors
Thank you everyone! 
Thank you for teaching us this semester!!! You were really amazing!!!
Thank you so much for your brilliance, patience, and enthusiasm. I hope you enjoy the holidays!
Have a good winter break!
Thanks for helping us a lot!
I greatly appreciate the effort of all the TAs and wish them wonderful holidays.
I was really nice learning from you, keep up the good work :)
I love the way you teach and your approach on making our sessions interactive
Thank you
Riley was the best instructor I could have. I hope to be in his lab class next semester too.
Have a great winter break! Thank you for the awesome semester.
Thank you!! 

It was really nice meeting you and your teaching skills are really amazing because you are able to teach the most difficult concepts at the ease of fingertip. Being an average student I was able to understand and found it encouraging to take further step in this field.
Thanks for your effort 
Thank you! Have a nice break, and you're doing amazing!
Thank you instructors for wonderfully planned lectures and for sharing helpful resources.
Thank you for the all the lecture and live classes. You guys were amazing. 
I find very well to know that I learn, with very great professional like you,your knowledge and experience are awesome, thank you.
I really enjoyed the labs with you Addie! I looked forward to my Friday nights to learn from you, it was always fun and exciting!
Great work so far!
Thanx, and best of luck!
You guys were extremely helpful in this journey so far, I learned a lot. Thank you.
Hi Adam,

Though I only watched your labs asynch and we never got to meet or speak to each other, I wanted to let you know that you made it very simple and easy for me to understand the material.

A big Thank You to you.

Happy Holidays!

-Mamta
Such A wonderful Interaction. Have Lovely Winter Break!
Thank you for your support this semester. It has really helped to build my confidence about Quantum.
Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.
Hope you all have a nice holiday and a new year! Thanks for everything!
I would like to thank all the instructor's and TA who have invested their important time and work for this course and to make us understand the theory and even the practicals of this course in a better way.
It was a good course hope we get more advanced stuff, but in the summary it was good I learned a lot
excellent job, thank you.
Thanks for being a great TA
Dear Instructor, I am absolutely privileged and thrilled to write this to you. I feel that you are one of the best in this field.   I have learnt a lot from you besides the course work including the thought process and thinking techniques. I wish  nothing but the best for you.

I would really love interacting much with you and working with you. 

Looking forward to learning a lot from you.

I thank this survey for the opportunity.
Thanks for the labs, it has being really helpful, specially the insights you gave on informal discussions. 
Thank you for wvwerything
Thank you
I think my instructor is very nice. He always anwser our questions patiencely and try to give us the best anwser. He is excellent.
Thank you for everything.
I am very grateful for your classes, it was very insightful to me and I hope you have a great christmas.
I enjoyed this journey with my TA!
Thank you, Addie, for your time and awesomeness! I'm sure that your sessions helped us all a lot with our journey throughout Semester 1! Thanks!
I think you are  of the best teaching assistants.
Dear Ricky,

I just wanted to express my sincere gratitude for all of your hard work and dedication as the instructor this semester. Your enthusiasm for the subject and your ability to make the material engaging and accessible have made a huge difference in my understanding and enjoyment of the course. I have learned so much from you and have been inspired by your passion for teaching. Thank you for being such an amazing teacher and for making a positive impact on my education.
thank youuh
Thank you for all your help and being patient!! Have a great holiday!
Thank you!
Happy holidays

Appreciation to you all 
I really like our TA , she explaned good , listened to all of our questions , very kind . I want to say thank you very much to her , I hope I can see her in semester 2 
You were amazing!!
Thank you so much for a great semester! I wish you all the best and I hope you have a great holiday break ahead!
Have a great winter break.
Thank you so much!!!! You have been so great in making everything as clear as it needs to be in the kindest and most approachable way.
Thanks!
I am grateful to TA and instructors because they made difficult things in the course much easy for us to understand.
They were great!
Nitya is the best and she hasn't taught me that it won't be that easy for us
Thank You so much for such an amazing first semester! I hope you can be my teacher again next semester as this semester I learned so many new stuff. Ismael
I am really grateful for all the time you all gave us to learn more about quantum computing and hope we get more time with you guys.
Hi Riley,

Thanks for all the help and support you have given me over this semester, it was really good, and I look forward to more lab sessions after the winter break. 

Thanks once again,

Sairam
Thank you for your hard work!
Have a great holiday, and thank you so much for teaching me during lab sessions in Semester 1 :)
You did an excellent job! Handling people from various backgrounds is a difficult task. Though the attendance dropped to the later half of the same which is almost inevitable, you kept up the same spirit of teaching which was professional and fulfilling. Thank you so much for your contribution to making this course a wonderful experience.
Thank you for sparking joy in learning quantum.
Have a beautiful and peaceful holiday. We miss you 

 
She looks young but very good at what she does. 
Please keep the code on each slide available.
Hi Alex,

I wanted to thank you for the great lab sessions. You have done an amazing job at explaining the material and answering all of our questions. Lab has become my favorite part of this course! 

I hope you have a wonderful winter break!

 
Enjoyed the sessions with you.

 

Thanks a ton!

 

Wish you a blissful holiday
Thank you for my instructor's effort to teach us quantum computing.
The best people made learning so easy
It's really wonderful for having such a great instructor 
Thank you a lot! I wish her the best of things to come in the future.

 
Thank you so much for your hard work, committment, and the sacrifices you have made to ensure that this semester is success. I appreciate you.
It was a really good semester. Thanks a lot!!
He did an excellent job. He was patient in answering all our questions. Thank you
I am from Lab 24C and my lab instructor is Aliv (Pardon me if it's not spelled correctly)

I like your positive upfront, always smiling and feeling jolly.

Thank you for being an excellent guide and helping us solve most doubts. I appreciate your input. Thanks.  
Thank you for every lab session! I really enjoyed the lessons and felt that I learned a lot this semester on quantum computing. I look forward to next semester and hope you have a great break!
Really appreciate for the effort they put in. 
Great lesson. Specially the lab sessions with my TA was the beast part. 
You doing good ! Keep it up !
Thank you so much for taking out the time to teach us!
Thank you for always doing your best effort to teach us. 
Thank you for being so awesome! You are very patient, and you have a very cute cat.
Thank you so much Fran, Amir and Adam for the time you took in teaching us, I really enjoyed all the sessions we had together, you made them interesting and easy to understand.
You've been awesome! 
Sadly we hardly interacted, because there was so many people on lab sessions, but you seem nice.
Thanks for a great semester!
Loved having you as an instructor!
Alex and Josh we great TA's, they were pateint throughout the lab session and cleared all our doubts.
TA and lab's assistant should solve all lab's exercises. 
It was an awesome semester, I can't wait to her as tutor.
I hope you have a good holiday and New Years! Thanks for being a great instructor:)
Thank you so much for helping me learn more about qubits and how they work.

 

Have a good winter break!
You guys are doing an amazing job! I have praised you multiple times to my friends.
Have a lovely winter break!
Greetings!
To me, a good teacher is the most important part of a course. I thrive when the teacher's puts efforts into what they are doing and when they are not, I am directly impacted negatively.

I am very happy to say that this course was such a great experience for me because of our lab TA! He was a not only great at what he was doing, he was also passionate about answering all our crazy questions. I never once felt scared of asking a crazy question, because with time I realized that I will be only be answered with kindness.

I learn through questioning, and I learned a lot thanks to Alex! I can't thank him enough.  Looking forward to the next semester, hope our TA is the same for the next semester as well! 

I am super grateful all the people that made the course possible! Me and my little sisters enjoyed it here a lot. We all were in separate lab groups but we all had only praises to sing about this course haha.

Happy holidays!
Have a great and happy new year!!!
All TA and instructors are very knowledgeable and they will continue to be the same to share their knowledge with us. Many thanks.
Hi Sassha Joshi, 

You gave your best for us. Your teaching made me understood alot of concepts at ease. I look forward to see you in New year. 

 

Hi Fran and Amir,

Your lectures are amazing. Explanation is given in a simple and straightforward way.

Hi Team,

You guys are doing a great job. Keep up the good work.
Nothing
I would like to thank you riley (i hope thats correct) for supporting us throughout the course . You made the labs interesting and interactive and put in the hard work  , even when you were sick . I am grateful for that.
Happy New Year!!
You have been really helpful throughout the process.
Have an amazing winter break! I hope you have fun, and thank you so much about helping me learn about quantum computing!
good job!
Thank you.
It was great learning from you this semester and I can't wait to see what's next. Happy holidays and happy new year!
Thank You so much for your valuable inputs!

Without you it wouldn’t have been possible. 

And it would be really nice if if we could get an internship after 2 semester to have a practical experience.
The course is amazing and very excited about courses and curriculum for next months..
Have a great winter break!
i've really enjoyed the course thus far and think all the lessons have been super engaging and helpful!
You guys are awesome!! 
Advance Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
The explanations were perfect. Thanks a lot for the great course. You opened a whole new horizon in the field of Quantum Computing for me.
Thanks for everything!
Thank you so much!
Thank you for explaining the concepts so well!
I really love your energy and your passion for this topic. I always enjoy the labs! Thank you!
It was really good. Thank you for providing such a model for me. I really benefited. I hope to get a certificate and have full knowledge in order to benefit others. 
Please include Quantum noise part and quantum cryptography.

 
Thanks a lot for this wonderful academic journey.
I was so happy and thankful for having this great opportunity with you and this course
Thank you so much for the effort you've put in this course, I really enjoyed every secrion of the quantum journey. 
My TA was very friendly and nice. She treated the whole class like we were her friends and we have known each other for a long time.
The way you explained the concepts related to quantum was exceptional! I learned a lot through both the lectures and labs, so you guys did a splendid job throughout the semester! 

A warm hearted thanks to all of you and the team of Qubit x Qubit for putting up this exceptional course on Quantum Computing. I’m very excited to come back for the next semester!
Thank you so much for what you have done for all of us, have a great winter break!
Thank you for teaching us!
Thank to all instructors , TAs and Q-bit*Q-bit for their great effort

and IBM for a sponsor this semester .
Thank you so much, Happy holiday
Happy Holidays! 
I think he's doing well.
The lab sessions and lectures were interesting and fun! 
I loved the way you taught and was very patient will all the students, even when some of there questions may have seemed trivial. I cannot wait to be back in class next year!
They have awesome experience in the field of quantum computing and by giving the day to day life examples they try to make things easily comprehend able.
Please Include some lectures related to Blind Quantum Computing in 2 semester

 
TA of Tuesday lab was friendly, helpful and was always with great smile adding great value in the lab 
Have a great break!! (please go snow proof your car you live in Canada)

See you in semester 2!

- Carly :)
Thanks for the enthusiasm that he had the entire semester. 
Amazing support and instruction, Adam.
All good.
Thank you and happy holidays!!!
Have a good Break!
I enjoyed your mentorship in this class. Thank you for your time and hard work!
Thank you so much.
The TA has been great at explaining the content and has helped me better understand it.
Thank for your efforts and teaching us through out the session. 
I am developing the interest in quantum computing in much fond manner. Thanks for your effors, and Happy holidays
Thank you so much for all your efforts during this course!  Y'all do an amazing job of teaching and explaining the complex topics of quantum computing!
My TA was Riley. I enjoyed having him as a TA so much! He helped us learn the concepts and stuck around to answer any additional questions at the end of labs. He was also fun and entertaining, so labs were never boring! 
i love you guys. thank you for coaching me to the end of this semester i really appreciate it.
The TA was excellent! I was able top understand the concepts better once the TA explained with live examples.
Happy Holidays!
Thanks for teaching us!!!
i liked the way you teach keep it up
Thank you!!
Thank you.
Have a good break :)
I hope you have a wonderful winter break and thanks for helping us learn more about quantum computing!
great 
Thank you so much for this amazing course! Have a great winter break!
Tjfjtirrkcvjfbithc
Hello,

Thank you so much for being a great lab instructor. You are extremely patient with everyone and help answer everyone's questions with no hesitancy. My interest in quantum computing has been growing, thanks to your lab sessions and this course. Have a safe and happy holiday!

 

Thank you,

Sashan
The instructors and TA were friendly and handled a variety of students with an exceptional patience level. The way of explaining things was very simple and basic. 
Thank you so much for this amazing first semester, I learned quite a lot. No matter the difficulty of the content I was able to absorb the material easily because of the labs. Have a lovely winter break. Thank you again.
Thank you for everything. This is really a dream come true. 
Alex, I am glad to have met you. You carry the class very well and with empathy. Hope to see you next semester!
Dear Saasha,

 

Yoi have been a great teaching assistant throughout the semester and the way you explained otherwise complex topics, helped me easily understand them. Thank you so much for teaching me in semester 1, and I hope to see you again in the next semester as well!

Thanks,

Akshat Nair
I appreciate your hard work towards teaching us quantum computing. I probably wouldn't have been exposed to all of this amazing content without you! Thank you and happy holidays!
Thank you Addie for making the labs so fun! The little jokes and interactions made it a lot easier to stay awake and engaged despite the late lab time.
Thank you very much for your time!
Don't have notes
Thank you for the amazing semester
Thank you so much for your flexibility and understanding throughout the course. I am looking forward to next semester.
Thank you for being kind and helpfull.
you were great support throughout this course, absolutely loved it.
have a good break!
This course have spark my interest in quantum computing. Thanks 
Thank you. You have been amazing through out the course. 
I want to sincerely appreciate my instructor for the job well done, it was indeed a nice time with them, they were friendly, open to answering questions, and apt to teach. I appreciate their effort.

 
Thank you so much for everything, I really enjoyed the class and I am really looking forward to next semester and have a wonderful winter break 
thank you all for your work and i really appreciate your hard to make things simple to understand for us
Thank you
I love what you do keep going:)
I hope you are doing well

enjoy your life without worries
One semester done, one semester to go.
Hope you great holidays!
(My instructor was Adam)

 

Hey Adam!

thanks so much for a great semester. I really enjoyed your teaching style and I appreciate you answering questions and taking the time to really explain certain concepts.
I really enjoy how entertaining the lectures are and how some of the instructors are enthusiastic  about teaching the lessons.
Hey Riley, lab sessions with you were great. Thanks
i really liked the way you taught. thankyou for the knowledge. i really want to learn from you more.
Great course and instructors.
Tour really nice, smart and beautifully cool
I guess thanks very much for your efforts and patience with us. You were all extremely helpful.

 
Thank you for the time and effort you made to teach us this interesting topic. Have a nice winter vacation.
I would like to thank all the staff for their support and sharing their knowledge with us.

You made me feel at home and not like the newb that I am. I will continue to investigate quantum computing and have you to thank for the great head start.

 

Thank you all and Happy Holidays
Thank you so much!
I loved the corny jokes during lab, definitely made it more enjoyable! Thanks for teaching us this semester!
i had the most amazing TA he was amazing at making everyone feel welcome and included. his enthusiasm and positive energy made Tuesday labs my highlight of my week. 
Thank you for putting time into this course and making it accessible!
Dear Riley (My TA), I would like to say thank you from the bottom of my heart for taking your time and energy out of your day to teach and explain to us the basics and various features of quantum computing. I personally love your happy and flamboyant attitude because it made the labs more fun and also made me more comfortable. In summary, THANK YOU! 

Sincerely,

                Sam Anchell :)
You’re an absolute genius, thank you for taking out time for us and making sure we always understood the concepts well. 
Thank you for the awesome time and effort
nothing much to say
Thank you!
I'm so happy to join this community.
Thank you for teaching us Quantum Computing. Love your enthusiasm for the field!
Have a Merry Christmas. I hope you are doing wonderful. Spending time relaxing and not focusing on work must feel like a relief. I wish you a wonderful year as you bid farewell to 2023. 
 keep it up!
Thank you for a great semester and the time you’ve spent on the labs/lecture.
Have a nice holiday!
Thank you Ricky for making the course so interesting.  You are such an inspiration in teaching. Even though the lab sessions were online, you interacted with the students and kept the class session alive as if it were physical.
I want to thank you a lot for being the best TA ever and for the effort you put to explain things in many different ways so we could all understand.
Thank you for always answering my questions TA, I love you and the whole QxQ team! I'm very grateful for this opportunity.
Thanks for all the questions you've answered, indirectly and directly. I learned a lot and hope to learn a lot more, thank you!
Hi Addie, have a great winter break!!
Thank you so much for teaching me in this class. I’ve learned so much!
It was an awesome experience with you guys.
I wish happy new year and marry christmas  to all. 
TA did a really great job and i had fun learning from them.
thankyou my instructors  
I LOVED YOUR WAY.
Great Work TAs . Really in love with the labs and lectures. Can't wait for the Semester 2 to resume.
Merry Christmas and happy new year! Enjoy this time with yours. Thanks for everything! :) 
Looking forward to next semester's material!
Every instructor was helpful, clearing all the doubts regarding the topic. I love the IBM coding school.
Thanks a lot for the lab sessions Alex! The lab sessions were interesting, engaging and fun.

p.s : You said we could contact you if we had questions. How can we contact you for questions regarding quantum computing?
Thank you for guiding me throughout this course and teaching me the material. I enjoyed every moment of it and can't wait to see you next semester!
Thomas Sievert has been the absolute best TA ever. He taught with understanding and patience. He made sure everyone's questions were answered and even cracked some super smart jokes that we might have not understood but that was the funny part. He did not rush. Thank you for being a great TA! 
Thanks so much for such an amazing session.....you are the best and I really enjoyed your lab sessions.
The lab sessions were free and fun. It was a purely educational but also a relaxed and interactive way of learning that is completely different from what I'm used to.  I did not imagine learning being so relaxed and 
I just want to say that our TA did very very well, she was kind and patient and took her time in handling and explaining complex and challenging questions. And ensuring we all followed throughout the course. I couldn't have asked for a better TA. Thank you!
nothing
Thanks for everything, I wish you all a happy new year!
Both the instructors and our TA have been very hard working to make this semester a success. I am really thankful to them for clearing the doubts and consolidate my understanding of the subject. special thanks to Hunter solomon our TA, for guiding us in terms of Job oppurtunites in the field as well as academic pathways to get into the world of Quantum!
Thank you
Thank you so much for being such a great TA. You made learning about quantum mechanics much more straightforward, and your descriptions of higher-level concepts were fascinating, as well as made me more interested in learning higher-level physics. 
Thanks for this wonderful semester. I am grateful to attend this semester with things learnt which will change our career in the quantum information for the future. Lot's of thanks from my side for all of your efforts to teach us.
Have a great break :)
thanks a lot and happy holidays
They did a good job. 
THIS COURSE WAS MORE INTERESTING AND HELPFUL BECAUSE OF YOU.
Addie did an amazing job at teaching us the content and explaining it to us when we didn't understand something.
Thank you so much, you're a good instructor. 
Nothing as such.
You're pretty cool
Thank you so much for your efforts!
Very patient. Learned a lot. Thanks.

Happy New Year
Lab Recording TA (I think his name is Adam) is the best!
my instructure did the best to us, actually nothing comes to my mind right now.
Thank you for teaching us! I enjoy the class and hope to continue enjoying it.
Thank you for everything and have a great winter break!
I would like to acknowledge your dedication and patience. Sometimes I had to watch the recordings in order to understand or even solidify concepts and exercises in my mind. However, I enjoyed all of the lectures and labs.
thank you for teaching the content fantastically 
Thank you very much. 
All perfect. Hunter's talks on Quantum Computing are entertaining, where he brings new topics and research that he shares with everyone, to bring attention and keep us engaged with the fascination of Quantum Computing.
Nothing to say!
Thank you very much Mr. Peetz for teaching us all the things you did in the labs. I am excited to learn more in semester 2. You have helped me further understand quantum computing more. My interest for STEAM has increased not just because of the course but because of the way you teach. I would have never known all the things I do now about quantum computing 4 months ago if it weren't for this course. Thanks for all you have taught us, have a good break and I will see you in January. 
I'm really excited with the next semester, really appreciate the lessons.
Thank you for all the effort and patience! You are a really great teacher and good explainer! Have a great holidays.
The lab access code should be emailed to everyone.
I really enjoyed our lab this semester, I learned a lot and it was very fun! (Lab 13)
Thank you for trying keeping this course fun for everyone, and I hope you all have a great winter break!

-Rieder Gupta
Dear Amir and Fran,

I really enjoyed your lectures, and have learned so much. 

I look forward to the next semester. Thank you!

Dear Thomas,

I enjoyed the hands-on lab sessions with your clear instructions, thank you for all your help!

To all,

Have a wonderful winter break and happy holidays!

 

 
Happy holidays!
Thanks for teaching me and I hope you have a merry christmas and a happy new year.
Thank you for teaching me this semester. The course was a great introduction to quantum computing. I look forward to next semester. Have a good winter break!
Thank you
Thank you very much for your commitment to computing and to us, I have been able to learn a lot and it is thanks to you. You have been able to create a safe space, you have been explaining step by step and at the end of this semester I feel confident to say that I have a base in quantum computing. Happy Holidays.
Thank you so much! Greatly appreciate everything!!
Excellent Job Guys! I loved everything about this course. Thank you for piquing my interest in Science and Quantum Computing even more.

 
Thank you for being our TA. I enjoyed the fun facts that you added before the lab
have a happy break and holiday!!!
Have a good winter break!
I wanted to thank the instructors and TA for teaching quantum computing in the best way. They were very attentive.
Have a great break!
I feel obliged being a part of the amazing family. Learning from you has been a dream come true.

Thank you.

Have a wonderful winter!
I would just like to say that your classes have been really fun and interactive. You can say that you were the bridge that brought the curiosity of quantum to me, successfully and safely. 
I really enjoy everything I have learnt over this time. Thank you for explaining so well deep concepts :')
Thanks a LOT!
I really like the Instructors they took complicated  topics and made them simple

 

 

and the TA's were super cool and awesome
The lab sessions were engaging and interesting.
Hi,

Thank you for teaching us and taking your time to teach us about quantum. I really enjoyed listening and learning during the lab sessions. I hope that you have an amazing winter break!

Pratham Mehta
Have a creat break. happy holidays!
Thank you for being so helpful and informative about quantum subjects outside of what we were learning and helping us find new things related to quantum we can look into.
Thanks so much for making this course easier to follow and helping out with any confusions!
I enjoyed the casual vibe during the labs.
Thank you so much for making each lab session clear, to-the-point, and straightforward!
Thank you so much for your time and commitment to passing your knowledge to us. I'm very grateful. 
I would be very helpful to start the lab (and the lecture) right on time. Students who might not be able to join the lab (or lecture) on time have the option of watching the recorded and uploaded videos. 

I think both the lab time and the lecture time should be used as efficiently as possible. 
Wishing everyone a merry Christmas and a happy new year!
Thank you very much for the interesting classes you provide and the way you enjoy doing it. Thank you for sharing your knowledge with us!
Thank you!
Thank you for all your time and teaching this semester. I really enjoyed learning about quantum computing.
Have a nice winter break! I appreciate all you do for us.
Josh, thank you so much for a wonderful semester! You've been an excellent teacher - I really appreciate your patience. Have a great break!
Hey Ricky,

 

I was so glad to be paired up with your lab time. It was a blast! You're always there to help but most importantly you make labs fun! I commend your willingness to educate so many of us and help us with homework while chatting about extensions to complex quantum computing related topics.

 

I hope you have a very Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year!

 

Sincerely,

 

Shaurya V. Shastri
You all Rock!
Thank you Nitya for being an awesome lab instructor! Had lots of fun:)
Thank you for making the labs fun and easy to understand. I hope you have a great break!
Thank you so much for all your hard work.  It is not easy to answer questions and give a talk at the same time and there are a million things going on at the same time. 
Thanks for the knowledge you shared with us! Merry Christmas and happy New Year!
Thanks for making Lab 17 thoroughly insightful, fun and super engaging a space for learning, Ricky. There was never a dull moment with you at the helm as our instructor and I have much enjoyed our sessions discussing quantum theory and learning Python with your help.

 Lab 17 is probably the reason why I’m extending my participation into ac second semester, all kudos to you and your mentorship!

Thank you, and have a great winter break! 
You did a great job teaching us Quantum Mechanics this semester and I enjoy your patient, yet quick teaching style.
Thank you for your hard work, I appreciate the help I have received in learning Quantum.
 Thank you so much for everything, I really enjoyed the first semester of this course, and I'm really excited to continue on to the second semester of learning about Quantum Mechanics!
thanks for all of the time and effort youve put into this.  keep up the good work.  stay safe and have a good break :D
Nora, thank you very much for the explanations and support given in the sessions, it helped me a lot to better understand several concepts and ideas. 
I hope you have an amazing winter break
Thank you so much to my 2 great teachers and TA, you've always gone through the concepts in detail and at just the right pace. Thank you for making the course interesting and for patiently answering any questions asked!
Adam was great!
Ricky helped me a lot with his explanations and the review before labs allowed me to understand and build on ideas about quantum computing.
Thank you for all the help in lab! its been very helpful!
Josh, you've been great! Well, so have all instructors, to be honest, but I had most exposure to your teaching. Thank you!
Thank you very much, Aamir, Franc, and all the TAs for being great tutors and taking me through my first real steps in quantum computing. You have been really patient with us. Enjoy your holidays !!
Thank you for the first semester of learning quantum computing and I can't wait for the next semester. Thank you for this opportunity to learn a concept I had no idea of.
Thanks for sharing knowledge with us. Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year! Look forward to more learning in 2023! :)
Thank you!
Hey Josh! I'm Kauã and I just wanna say I really like having labs with you. You are really friendly and nerdy which is just the perfect combination for me, since I'm also quite nerdy. Really like how you always go a little beyond when answering questions and I hope Semester 2 has some information on the variational quantum eigensolver, learning it with you sounds cool!
For instructors Amir and Fran, thanks for such an amazing semester guys, I have learned so much and you guys were amazing in teaching, making it so easy some concepts that seems really hard! 

 

For my TA Sanskriti, thank you for all our lab sessions, you have done an amazing work on explaining and helping us, put in practice the lecture content

 

For QxQ team, thanks for making this course, make this accessible for people like me that otherwise I would never been able to study this with such amazing people!! 

 

And happy holidays for everyone!!! 
Thank you for your kindness and nice lab sessions. Merry Christmas and happy New Year!
Thank you for your hard work. Your time with us has made a difference! I appreciate all of your time and dedication to making lab time enjoyable and rich.
Josh Lewis is such an impressive person and really knowledgable about quantum computing. I am really greateful to him that he will regard and solve questions asked by us with same level of importance, whether those were advenced or not.

I enjoyed labs with him and woud like to having him as my instructor next semester as well.
Ricky was an amazing TA as he was enthusiastic and took time to explain in detail. He was very funny and engaging. Even though we would always go overtime in the lab every minute felt very fun. 
Thanks to all the team, Happy new year
I forgot her name but she was really nice and helped out the entire class! 
Hey Riley! I am Hossam, I absolutely loved your teaching, couldn't make a few of the labs at the end unfortunately, but I am really hoping to see you next semester, and the fact that you were so open to questions was amazing, so thank you so much!
Really appreciated Adam and Addie in lab, and their delivery of the material in an engaging and fun way. 
It used to be hard to understand my TA (tuesday 7 pm), the way she speaks was too fast and it was not as good as the recordings in the modules. 
Thank you for your help.
Have a good vacation, Merry Christmas and Happy New Year. Thanks a lot for your attention and classes.
Have a good Christmas!!
I had the best TA! his willingness to answer any and all questions thoughtfully taught me a lot more than the materials alone.
You're great at explaining! Have a nice winter break :D
I'd like to thank my TA from lab 18 for being just a generally good teacher and answering all our questions properly. I don't have much to say so happy holidays! :)
Thanks for your time! Hope you have great holidays and happy new year in advance!
Nora was a fantastic instructor this semester. 
I don't know how to describe those guys, they are teachers par excellence. These guys are the future of quantum computing. 

Fran, Amir, Addie, Adams and many more of you guys that I have not mentioned you guys are the best instructors I had in 2022. Thank you guys for your time, patience and maximal understanding, can't wait to meet you guys next semester. 

And lastly, I want to thank IBM quantum for this rare opportunity. 

TIAMIYU, Afees Olamilekan  
Your labs were very fun and interesting.
Thank you so much, Ricky! It was always fun learning about your very interesting life. You were a wonderful TA and the flair you brought to the course made it even more exciting.
Well I have been impressed with all the instructors specially Amir and Fran. As a PhD student too myself, I know it's not easy to teach these subjects to such a young audience but they have done a great job. I wish they would have some time dedicated to presenting their research, that could be a great inspiration.
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much for taking the time to help us understand such a wonderful quantum computing course. Hope to see you next semester :)
Hopefully you have a wonderful winter break, and while this is the time to celebrate the holidays and cheer, there’s always room for learning something new!
He is perfect. 
Thank you everyone! Excellent work. Looking forward to next semester. Happy Holidays! 
Thank you so much for your patience with our lab group especially when interaction is super low. I really appreciate your enthusiasm and passion for quantum computing and am extremely grateful that you have devoted your time to helping young students learn! Happy Holidays:))
Thank You so much for this!! 

request:

More lab tours pelease!!
He is a very nice guy i think. He has a great way of communicate with students.
Sometimes l was a bit stressed
Have a nice break!
Good holidays! See you next year.
[maxres2-2379434798.jpg] (/users/14998/files/24138/preview?verifier=QEAWiXZSVZQt5pVu0ER7dIWX9e3LZrzG2FSRaf02)
All right so the TAs are rather superb but I would like to know how they are where they are?Is it through internship?
I had a great time this semester and I cannot wait to see you again next semester. Thank you!!
I'm saying a big thank you to all the instructors.
Hi, thank you for being a great instructor and making our labs entertaining! I enjoyed following along with the conversations and instructions. Thank you and have a nice winter break.
thank you!
Thank you for being such a great teacher throughout this semester. It is clear that you are very knowledgeable about quantum mechanics and quantum computing, which has been really helpful when trying to learn all of this.
Thanks for the great semester, looking forward to another one
Thank you for supporting us through this semester, you were a really excellent TA.

Merry Christmas and happy new year!

Parmita :)
I wanted to thank to the instructors and all the people of this couse to make us able to have this opportunity. This is a great course and I hope to lean a lot more next year.
If a TA missed a lab session, he or she should own us a apology,

If a TA missed two lab sessions or more without giving notices ahead of time to the waiting students, the TA should be dismissed. 
I hope that they can have a great break and come back with more energy and new ideas so that we can learn a lot more with them.
Thank you for providing me with a great first-time experience with Quantum Computing. I enjoyed it!
You have been brilliant throughout semester 1. Thanks for making the course interesting!
Thank you so much for teaching me! I hope you have a wonderful break! Happy Holidays!
Thanks to all  and it was fun .
Have a Happy Holiday!
I want to thank my instructors for taking their time to teach us about quantum computing and I also want to thank them for the helpful resources they have provided us! 
I will suggest our TA should be opening room for students to  ask questions like 15-30 minutes at the end of each Lab/Lectures.
I was very happy with the TA Joe I had for the lab. I liked how he did icebreakers and was friendly. I also think that the TAs in the lectures explained everything well. Honestly, I'm sad that I forgot to attend my lab last week. I was so focused on the school finals that I forgot :(. I wanted to say thank you. The labs were fun and I really loved how chill/relaxed they were. It wasn't boring or stressful, and I actually looked forward to the labs. Thank You!! I hope everyone has a nice winter break!! :)
I really liked our TA. He did everything to make sure we understood a certain topic, and he answered all of our questions. Alex is the best. 
DEAR TA OR INSTRUCTOR,

THANK YOU FOR TAKING THE TIME OUT TO TEACH US. IT HAS BEEN A WONDERFUL JOURNEY IN SEMESTER ONE, CAN'T WAIT FOR SEMESTER 2.

HOPE YOU ALL HAVE A WONDERFUL BREAK.
Hey Josh!,

Thank you so much for being such a good TA LOL! Love your flow and humor! Thank you for your patience with everyone, it's much appreciated! Hope to see you again next semester :D!
I would like to thank the QxQ team for this high quality course. I am curious to learn more during the last semester.
Thank you Ricky for your hard work. You make my day with your enthusiasm every lab. I hope that you enjoy the rest of your break!
Thanks for making labs such an enjoyable experience. See you after break!
It was excellent course. Now I am more interested in quantum-computing, thanks to your efforts.
Thanks for teaching us this valuable information about Quantum computing, without you, I wouldn't be able to learn these concepts this easily. 
Thank you for hosting and teaching this course. It's been a pleasure learning from you, and I look forward to attending the second semester. 
A big thank you to Alev and hoping to still have you as my TA next semester, you were an amazing TA. 
Hi ! I hope you have a nice winter break and thank you for everything you have taught us.
Labs were challenging and they really helped me to learn quantum computing. Everything was well explained. Now I'm more interested in STEM. Thank you a lot!
Thank you for your work and for giving me such a great time here :)
Thanks for always explaining things in multiple ways and always considering everyone’s thoughts. 
Nothing in particular to comment.
Thank you for all your time! Your lab sessions have been very interesting
Thank you for all your efforts in teaching me.
Thanks for being a great TA, Ricky, and have a Merry Christmas!
Our TA (Ricky) was very engaging in our lab sessions, and his explanations helped a lot.
I love you all, most especially the patience you guys have in listening to us rambling our questions while we try to find the best way to ask them, just so we could air that thinking out of our head. 

Love the community and social connections during lab sessions.

 

You guys are the best
The explanation was great.
Thanks for teaching us, you have been a great teacher and I look forward to next semester. 
I am grateful for this excellent course. Thank you :)
Keep up the great work :)
I liked all instructors and TA that helped me in learning Quantum this semester. I want to say thank you to Josh (Wed 5:00-6:00 pm) for the friendly and encouraging learning environment he created. Josh always tried to answer as many students' questions as he could on top of the core lab content. I also liked the academic style in lecturing of Amir and Francisca which allows me to learn new concepts in small chunks but steady.
Thank you so much Eleve and Also Amir for all sessions that you give us, you are so helpful and so friendly, Thank you for your time, looking forward to seeing you again in the second semester, and learning from you.

Thank you Coding School team for giving us this golden opportunity to learn one of the most amazing fields in the world.
I had so much fun and learnt a lot thanks to you. You are the best!
Thank you for all the helpful instruction!
Thanks for being such an awesome TA.
My TA is so fun to listen to and explains everything so thoroughly. If I don't understand something, he will explain it patiently until I fully understand.
To all my TAs,

I can't thank you enough for all the work you have done in helping me to learn Quantum. You dedication, hours and hours on Zoom, your every advice are so much appreciated and precious. Can't wait to see you all in the next semester!

Best Wishes and Happy Holidays!
Everything is great with them.
I'm really grateful for the opportunity to learn more about quantum computing. This course enriched my everyday life and never put me under pressure or stress. The moderators in the lectures were great and explained things well. Everything was perfectly organized. Thank you very much :)
I really liked the way she did our lab! It was great!
Thanks for all. I will do my best tô use Quantum computing in the Healthcare 
Hey Abbie, just wanted to let you know that you are doing a great job teaching students like me. I wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year. Peace out XD
Keep up the good work.
Merry Christmas!!! Thankyou so much for the amazing classes - and for really explaining in layman's tongue the inner workings of a quantum computer! Can't wait to see you next semester.
The delivery of lecture and introduction of concepts and then a deeper dive, the flow was awesomely created. 
Thank you so much for sharing your knowledge with us, but most important your enthusiasm and joy when you share that knowledge
Thank you for your love and support!!
it was terrific
Thank you so much!
My TA was excellent in explaining the quantum terms.
TA is excellent
Thank you for your substantial efforrt in teaching the quantum computing! Your lessons were organized as like you would introduce quantum computing and it helped by showing how the certain quantum functions work. Comparing quantum computers to classical computers was the best way to introduce quantum computing to a crowd who does not necessarily know about quantum computers. I do not think everybody would teach with that approach. Your explanation of how the computer works and the history was very thoughtful and it helped people who were less oriented with the lessons understand the quantum functyions. You did a great job teaching this course in an efficient and supportive way and it helped me get through the course. Thank you for the supportive work to conduct the course and I hope to see you next year! Have a good wingter break!
Thank you so much for contributing all that you did to the amazing experience I had in semester 1! I couldn't have asked for a better TA. You made such a complicated topic easy to understand which is an insanely difficult task to undertake. I cannot thank you enough! I hope I see you again in semester 2! Have a great winter break!
Thank you for all you've done this semester,  I really enjoyed it and learned quite a bit.

Enjoy the holidays...

Kind regards 

Prajna Bhugwandeen
Our TA was good, sometimes a little more explanation might be needed, but, in general it was a fine experience. 
You are awesome! Hope to see you as our TA the next semester too
I love our teacher she is the best, hopes she teaches us next semester 
You were fantastic, awesome and just great! I adore you all and would like to learn from you again.

Along with technical information, I learnt a lot about many non-technical things by observing you. Notably, your patience, willingness to answer even simplest query, maintaining composure, interactions and time management.
It has been a pretty good course with an excellent organization, we can see the good planning and the commitment with the education
Thank you for being so helpful in my learning experince!
You were an amazing teacher!
My TA was rally good. She was ready to answer all the questions that we had and give us an easy explanation about it. I am very happy that i could learn from such a good instructor like her.
Thank you for your clear explanations, I hope you have a relaxing break!
Thank you to all! Enjoy your break, and I'll see you next year!
I thank you from the bottom of my heart. It was really a wonderful experience. I appreciate the way you allowed us to have our space and comfort to interact with you. I liked the things we did over and above the designated lab work.
thank you for your time you provided for me to further my interest in quantum physics. 
W ricky dube, best TA ever
Thank you for all your help throughout this semester!
Thank you so much for teaching! Happy Holidays!
Thank you so much for being with us and making the contents much more enjoyable!
Good job!
Happy Christmas Sir/Ma'am
YOU HAVE BEEN SO AMAZING TAHNK YOU SO MUCH AND HAVE GREAT HOLIDAYS!
Hi Ricky!

It's one of the quietter kids from Lab 7. You're one of the best teachers I've had. You're cool, fun, patient with us and I love the science related conversations we have outside of the course content. I pray you achieve your dream of being a teacher. I pray you become successful in what ever you do. May God bless you and I hope you have an amazing break with your fish.

 

- Mpho
You guys are nice people, so I pray that you guys will meet MORE good and NO bad on life
I really loved the way you made complicated topics of Quantum Computing easy for us and solved all of our doubts. Thank you for being an amazing instructor! I really enjoyed joining your session.
I would like to thank them all for their serious and availability. See you in the second semester.
Good job, Nora!
Happy holidays!!!

 
You did a great work. See you again hopefully in the second semester. Thank you. 
they are very supportive 
Thank you for slowing down and answering our questions when we needed help and making us feel confident enough to ask, wish you the best and will hopefully see you next semester!
Thanks for working so hard with us, I really love your session at first I wasn't familiar but then I really enjoyed it. Thanks a lot my TA.
Thank you for making this course so digestible, I am far more confident that this is something I can do now thanks to you !
Thank you so much for lecturing us. and your help on homework is very appreciated. 

Hope you have a nice Christmas!
Thank you so much for all your time this semester! Happy Holidays 
Looking forward to seeing you next semester. -Miles
It was really an honor to be taught by you.
Lab time: 10pm Eastarn
TA: Jeo

Joe was a very good TA as he constantly kept the lab focused, interactive, and fun.  Joe was also very good at explaining the material in an easy concise way where there were few questions and very few things needed to be explained twice.  Overall, Joe was very good at teaching this course.
Thank you for your time and consideration.

Regards,
Good day, I was absolutely amazed on how you handled our very first and as well our last meeting for the semester, I was honestly astonished by your teaching skills and it made learning the lesson greatly easier. I hope this note finds you well and hopefully you would be able to keep up the good work!
I like beans
I want to thank my TA for the wonderful semester. He always answered questions and made the class enjoyable.
Respected Instructors,

I thank you from the very bottom of my heart for teaching us with enthusiasm and patience. You are among the few excellent instructors that I have come across in my life.  The amount of dedication you put into teaching is something we students appreciate very much. Further, I would like to thank you for making the lectures interactive and answering all our curiosities as silly as they may be. I have learned a lot during this sem, and my interest in the subject has peaked all thanks to you. I thank you again for your remarkable teaching and for guiding me through the core concepts of the subject.

 

Respected TAs, 

I thank you for providing solving our doubts and creating an atmosphere where everyone could have some input and learn. It was a great experience for me and I was able to complete all the assessments relatively easily thanks to live coding and doubt-solving. I look forward to more fun and learning in the next sem.
you are a very nice person
Thank you so much & have an amazing winter break.

~ Tutu
They are all helpful. Happy Christmas 
My lab instructor has done a really good job at explaining all the different topics both in theory and in practice.
Thanks so much for your time!
The best thing with my TA was that she was trying to introduce us to each-other and it was making our group closer and our environment more pleasant
Dear William,

I hope you will have a good winter break. I really loved your enthusiasm for every lab. Thanks for that and also thanks for always being prepared, answering questions even ones that you are not confident in, and thanks for being an excellent teacher!

Nino Loladze
Thank you so much for teaching us and patiently answering all our questions. I hope you have a great winter break. 
Adam did a great job, whether answering questions or presenting material. He stopped and responded to questions in a respectful manner during the presentation, and was quick to point out places that could cause confusion. This is a mark of a good educator!
hope you enjoy your winter holidays and thank you for the amazing lectures this semester.
Thank you for teaching us! Warm wishes for a happier holiday system!
I mostly watched recorded content. The instructors have been explaining the content nicely and with a lot of patience went over the details of each topic.
Thank you for teaching us in a fun way!
Thanks for the wonderful class, hoping to meet you next semester.
Thank you! Have a great holiday and happy new year. See you next semester (hopefully)!
everything was great ! thanks
I have nothing to say. Thank you.
Everything was perfect.
A great TA with proper knowledge that helps the lab. Just can get a bit distracted from topic at times but that's very rarely :)
Thank you for all you do to make this challenging material accessible!
Thankyou for teaching in a gripping and helpful manner to make us able to grasp and understand concepts easily.
I really really love the lab and the lecture.

 
Thank you for your hard work!
Addie has great energy. I love being a part of his class so I hope I'm making him proud with my progress. I'm really enjoying this course. I haven't seen how I will use IBMQuantum on my own just yet but I'm looking forward to learning more about the software. This course is a great opportunity and I feel privellged to be a part of it. Thank you.
Thank you for a great first semester!
To all my TA thanks for the impactful course resources you gave to us for the past 4 months and for engaging us in this platform. May God continue blessing you with the knowledge so that we continue learning from you and from each other into the coming semester 2. Merry chrismas and happy new year in advance.
To the TA assigned at Lab21,

I would really like to thank him for being such a great teacher to us. I really enjoyed his lab session and interactive question breaks. His teaching approach was supportive. 

On a good note, I would like to request QubitxQubit team, to assign us with the same TA for the upcoming semester 2.

 
Dear Farhan,

I wanted to take a moment to express my gratitude for all of your hard work and support during this course. Your dedication to helping us succeed has not gone unnoticed, and I am truly grateful for all of the extra time and effort you have put in to make sure that we understood the material and were able to complete our assignments.

Your guidance and encouragement have been invaluable, and I have no doubt that your help has played a significant role in my success in this course. I know that being a TA can be a challenging job, but you have always approached it with professionalism, patience, and a positive attitude.

I wish you all the best in your future endeavors, and hope that you continue to inspire and guide students in the same way that you have done for me.

Thank you again for everything.

Sincerely,

Michael
Thank you so much for this course
More programming excercises as homework. Please.
Im very grateful that i can be part of this course :)
some - TA --- are  very good., quick   & flexible   to handle different questions and angles

 

 
Have a great break!
Please know that I appreciate your delivery of all our lessons! In the (hopefully not so far) future, I’d be able to call you my colleagues :) yes, I dream big!
I really loved our TA we had fun during the labs and especially in the Kahoot. I understood everything in the labs the information was clear.

And just make sure to make a discord chat or VC for our lab.

overall thank you for your efforts hope to see you in the 2nd semester.
I would like to thank all the course organizers and instructors for their effort in keeping us engaged and for giving us this fantastic opportunity of learning about quantum computing!
Thanks for giving us the opportunity to develope more interest about quantum world and STEM.

hope to meet you face to face one day!
Thank you, it has been a great semester! It has broadened my understanding of Quantum Computation and increased my general interest in physics. I have started to read scientific fictions and found them very interesting. 
I hope this note finds you well as the winter break begins. I just wanted to take a moment to thank you for your hard work and dedication in teaching us about quantum computing this semester. It has been a fascinating and challenging subject, and your guidance and support have been invaluable in helping us to understand and learn.
Thank you very much for your guidance.  Have a great winter break. 
Nothing.
Dear our teacher, professors! Thank for teaching us even its hard especially it's online, our connection are so difficult. I hope that we all happy in our winter break. I hope we find ourselves more connection a lot. I hope that you record it clearly especially about the how to do measurement or coding so that I will understand stand it clearly and I will do our assignment quiz correctly. Sometimes your recording was always blurd so that I will not clearly understand. Honestly, sometimes your teaching method was so fast so it's hard to catch up. But I try my best to understand it by watching your recordings repeated.
I have no comments. I had a ton of fun this year and can't wait for next year!
Your guidance and training helped me a lot to improve my coding skill of Quantum Computing .

Please write me your contact mail and no for further correspondence and guidance,
The labs with Addie were great. Hope, we meet again. Best wishes to Addie and thankyou for your remarkable time. She made the labs look effort less. 
Thank you so much 
Thanks for everything!
Thank you very much and I hope you have a great winter break/Christmas.
I like your teaching a lot and I found it very helpful.
Thanks a lot for the wonderful sessions
Thank you so much for running this course - this has truly been life-changing. I really want to pursue a university degree in quantum engineering. 
You were great!
Thank you for taking your time to explain the different quantum concepts. I wish you a happy relaxing winter break.
all perfect
Thank you very much for taking the time to help.
Hello, 

All the times I had to change my lab sessions, all the questions about homework were taken care by you.

Thank you for all the help and support!

Ada.
Thank you Hunter for these amazing lab sessions. You are a really good TA, your labs were so much interesting and different from other TAs as you always start by talking about jobs and internships, it gives us hope that yeah there are so many opportunities for us. And the authenticity that you bring in your labs was even more amazing because if you don't know about any questions answer you suggest resources, and try to explain a bit. And you always tell about so many things related to quantum, which makes labs even more engaging.

Thank you again for everything.
resent weeks i had some issues with my lab and lectures attendence, after the time changing. i think for semester two i am going to change my lab, lectures time. 
Thanks for your effort and good energy. You were very patient and kind whole semester.I'm so lucky to be your student.Hope to see you next semester. Take care
It was exciting to have live sessions. It would be more great that all lab sessions complete the whole to learn list within the given time, for example there shouldn't be any difference between the recorded session and live sessions in accordance with material to cover.
I think, the time should be perfectly distributed through the learning materials for the lab sessions. Because, some times the instructors jump some portion of the learning material, which is okay. But, when we practice that section on out own. we faced difficulties. But If it would not appear, if the lab instructors had shown us that part.
Dear Alex,I want to say a very big thank you for being such a friendly and professional TA
Hi there, first of all a big thank you for your patience in introducing us to the world of quantum computer. Wishing you a Merry Christmas and a Happy new year!
Thanks to all the instructor and TA for their patience and for their professional guidance!

I learned a lot and it was very interesting!!
Hello instructor I am Gaurav from India, and I want to thank you for delivering such good lectures and the lab sessions were great. See you all in the next semester and Wish you a very Happy New Year and a Merry Christmas.
I would like to appraise & thank instructor or TA for their hard work and passion towards their teaching so that we can learn something new and advanced concepts.
For Amir: The lecturer is clearly very smart, but I feel like he has a tendency to:

* Go through the material REALLY fast

* Casually throw out technical jargon, references to advanced Physics experiments, etc. that we don't know

Instead, it would be great if he could make more of an effort to slow down and avoid jargon / technical references that we don't know, keeping in mind that we are new to all of this.
I really appreciate your dissemination.

Do have great holidays. 
Have a great winter break and see you in 2023!
Thank you for your efforts <3
You help people to change the world

Thank you
You have been a great instructor
Thank you for sharing such fascinating knowledge! Happy Holidays!
Thank you very much to our course instructors and TAs for sharing your knowledge and expertise.  I could have not consider Quantum Computing as the future of computing if not for this course.  Continue your mission and hopefully I can also contribute in making Quantum Computing more accessible to those who might want to explore as a career. Kudos and God bless!
My course instructors are very much helpful. Their efforts make me easier to get understand the Quantum Computing lessons. I really appreciate them. Thanks 
Thank you for the amazing lectures :)
The lecturers Ms. Fran and Mr. Amir are amazing. The course content and their methodology of teaching is both interesting and engaging. Our lab TA Mr. Alex is also a very dedicated instructor. We enjoy his lab sessions. I am truly grateful to all of them for enabling me to grasp the concepts of quantum mechanics and how it can be employed in quantum computing. 

Undoubtedly, all instructors have put in a lot of effort in organizing this course. Simply put, the course is fantastic and the best opportunity to learn about quantum computing. 

I look forward to learning more from them in the upcoming semester. 
I want to share my gratitude and thanks to all the teaching assistants who taught me in the first semester. It was a wonderful experience and pleasant to interact with them. Each one of them was so keen to listen to the questions that we were asked in the Q/A sessions and they tried to answer pretty much all the questions in the sessions themselves and some of them were posted in the discussion section. Excited to see them the next semester. Thank you so much for the opportunity to share our feedback.
Hi, TA you are so unique and so kind to us. I'm so excited for the next semester.
thank you nitya for teaching us this semester. have a good break
Hi Riley!
Thank you for being such a good instructor to us these past several weeks. It was the highlight of my weekend to log in every Saturday to be taught by you and see all my other lab mates. The best part were your tangents and how we got to learn about your research, it was very informative and made me excited to get into college!
I hope I get you again for the next semester.

Sincerely,

Sneha
Thank you! This semester has made me very busy and tired but I’m willing to work hard next semester!
thank you 
I like your teaching style very much - your way of explaining each thing in simple and lucid terms with occassional humour is just great.....
They were really helpful and engaging. I enjoyed the lab sessions 
Thank you for being so engaging and informative!
Thank you so much for giving us valuable content. Take care of yourself. and see you next time.
Instructor or TA works well.
Really really helpful and the way they took up this course was excellent. 
you guys ROCK!!
Thanks so much for being amazing!! Happy holidays :)
it was great to spend a semester with you enjoyed every bit of it. hope to see you in the next semester on more hot topic discussions.
Thanks to my TA, Joshua, for providing me with a very interesting lab session. Meanwhile, he also made great extension content aside from the lecture. The instructors for this course also did a great job of giving a comprehensive overview of quantum computing.
Thank you for this first semester!
To all our TA's I most say a very big thank you for your hardworking and perseverance, I know is very difficult and hard to teach, but you guys have made is so easier and simpler for us to understand. Once again thank you all and warm regards. 
I don't have anything specific to add. Have a great winter break and a great holiday season!
Keep it up! There's a good vibe in the lab, I hope I'll have you as a TA next semester.
Hello, Addie!

I hope you're doing well! Thank you for taking the time to teach our quantum lab class and answer our questions. I always looked forward to the lab because of the calm, relaxing nature of the Zoom lab, which helped me rewind after a long day of school. Keep drawing and have an amazing winter break!
My TA is Thomas and he is awesome! I hope I am in his lab again next semester. He discussed Cooper Pairs and superconductivity after our last lab and it was super interesting.
I would really like to thank every instructor personally for the thought and effort put into this course. It was really a great experience learning from people who were passionate about the subject they were teaching and who were invested in helping us all learn as well.
I say thank you our to our TA. Our TA was teaching good, I hope he will continue in next sem also. I don't want to give any note.
Thank you so much for the great lessons!!! Have a great winter break!!!
I just want to give a shout-out, to all our instructors, and TAs. You all are amazing and awesome, and you bring mind-blowing things to the table. 
I really hope to see you all again.
So have a wonderful holiday and I will be seeing you all next year.

Thanks and God bless. 
Thank you so much for being an amazing teacher/TA this semester!
Everytime it was great to see the mail of TA.Due to some Internet problem i didn't attend classes but it was great to remainder me all course recordings.
It was a great experience to learn from the experts who were our instructors. Thank you so much for making my vision more clear towards Quantum computing.
I really enjoyed the review game that you did with us during review week, and thanks for making labs so fun! Hope you have a nice winter break! :D
I loved my lab instructor and it was a great time with her. She explained us very well and solved all my doubts in a very good way. I would like to have  them in my next semester too. Thank You!
Thanks a lot for everything! You guys made learning a lot more easier and fun!
Sorry, I wasn't very present in live lab sessions, I will try to be more in the second semester. Have a wonderful winter break.
- I thought my TA did an amazing job!
You are an amazing instructor I have learned a lot from you.

I must say Thank you :)
Thank you for taking your time to explain further to us, it has been a wonderful semester. 
Enjoy your winter break
Thank you for being my TA. Your lessons were always fully understandable and enjoyable. Have a great winter break!
During the first semester I had a good time with my TA ALEV. She teaches well with pedagogy, I really appreciate her. She has become my source of inspiration and I hope that one day I will become like her. I would like to continue with her again in the second semester if I hope so. on this paaser an excellent vacation to all especially to ALEV I hope that we will see again once more. I really like this course thank you all!!!
Sincerely,
Mahamat Abdelkerim Abakar
You have helped me so much with this class
Thank you for all your help this semester thus far! Enjoy your holidays :)
My experience with teaching assistant during labs was always an interesting one , always learning new things and coming back to find help, my TA was excellent with his job 
To my instructor and Teaching assistant Addie, I appreciate your good works, your unwavering passion and your eager-to-teach spirit.

I thank you for being a vessel of such great a value.

 

 

On a more personal note, I would love to have a little talk with you about something personal. 
Thank you Thomas for being such a great TA! I had fun doing icebreakers with the class and I appreciate the time you took to explain things thoroughly. 
Is there a JS framework instead of a Python one for Qiskit?
Joe thank you so much for running the labs. It was so much fun every time and you were very helpful waking us through the concepts! Happy holidays!
Dear Instructor and TA,

 

You're doing great for this semester. You've taught us a lot of things about quantum computing and it's my pleasure for me being your student. Even, I still have a lot of misunderstand in some stuff but  I promise I'm gonna catch up in weekend. I hope we can still connect, even after this course is done. Hope you enjoy your weekend :D.

 

Best,
Hazim
Thank you so much for your kind time. Immensely grateful.
i love you
Thanks so much for the clear explanations, as an assyncronal student I appreciate a lot the good explanations!
You are doing great
tysm for having an amazing semester!
Thank you for teaching us! I have learned so much and loved this course! I hope you have an amazing break!
Fran & Amir: Thank you for your awesome lectures! I thought you did a great job balancing between complexity and ease of understanding. Adam (lab instructor for recorded sessions) has been very patient and courteous with students. I look forward to learning from all of you next semester!
I have a note for the instructor, TA, and everyone involved in the course. Keep learning, keep growing and take care of the basic things too. Keep exercising, keep drinking a lot of water, smile more and take some time for yourself because everything is important and life is meant to be lived. Happy holidays!
Happy holidays! I have learned a lot and you really helped to imprve my coding/ STEM skills. As a girl grow up in a traditional family, this just changed how I want my future path to be and given me some new goals to work for. 
Thank you for teaching me, I learned a ton from this course and I am truly grateful.
Thank you so much for being a great teacher! Happy Holidays!
Thank you teacher for the lessons and for your willingness to always answer questions with great patience.
I would like thank you for your effort, to teach and explain so difficult concepts to us, I appreciate you hard work and dedication to run this course. Thank you every one.
The Lecture Professors are great and we are very fortunate to have their quantum guidance because it serves as a foundation for everything else.

 

The Lab Professors are amazing at turning all the information into practical sessions that places value on finishing notebooks and much appreciated Q&As.

 

The Office Hour Professors allowed us to go over material, or ask pretty much anything else in a very intimate setting so it was another part in this process to look forward to each week.

 

The Administrators and Everyone else besides the above groups have put on an amazing program and I am so looking forward to semester 2 and beyond in 2023.

 

Thank you and Happy Holidays to you all!

 

Jason Ricciardi

ricciardi.jason@gmail.com
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR EVERYTHING!!! Changed my career path for real. Made this coding stuff sound fun sometimes (only when the code works).
Thank you so much for all your hard work and help! It's been a great semester and I want to thank you for all you did for us. :)
Our instructors were amazing.They have a solid grip on the subject.
Enjoy the holidays, thanks for making my quantum experience great.
I was an honour to learn Quantum Computing under your guidance. 
Thank you very much for your time and dedication to us, God bless you.
Thank you so much!
Thank you Josh and Alex! I enjoyed every lecture you did and learned a lot of new things about quantum computing. Can’t wait for the second semester! Happy Holidays!
Sasha teaches very well. Thank you.
Hi Addie! I love being in your labs they're always so fun and I feel smarter by the end of them. I love your way of teaching and chill personality and I can't wait for our labs next semester. Have a great winter break! :D
Hello, 

Thanks so much for teaching this fall! I really enjoyed the lab sessions and always looked forward to going to them. You explained things clearly and well, and I appreciated how you were willing to answer any question, no matter how random. Have a great holiday break and good luck in the future!

-Johanna Mayfield
I would like to appreciate them for their hard work during this first semester and would like to learn more from them in the coming session.

Happy Holidays and make sure you all have fun.
Saturday's 11AM ET lab broadcast from London had students from almost every time zone and rocked! Thank you! Bring on 2nd Semester!!

 
Thank you for the great course! I enjoyed my time a lot and I really felt as though everything was very well organized and that there was quality material being taught.
Thank you so much! I enjoy being in your lab group!
I dont have one becuase I dont have a specified lab time.
Thank you very much for your hardwork, resilience and kindness in teaching us Quantum computing.
My TA is fantastic! Patient and calm and answers every single question in the live lab sessions. He is kind to the students and has a knack for teaching.
Hey Ricky, you are awesome amd great mentor.
Thank you for being so nice and understanding! 
Thank you for the lectures.
I am really thankful and really happy that my instructor was really kind. Actually I am an introvert so not going to say much but really keep up the good and may God bless you.

A student from Bangladesh.
Thank you! Teaching is not easy and I know it takes a lot of prep work.  Thank you for teaching this course. 
I liked the way answered all the question asked. And also you said this very good question to all the questions. I had great learning in labs. Sometimes I understand concepts in lab rather than in lecture. The open discussion that used to have in labs sparked more intrested in quantum computing.  A big thank you Alex. 
thank you SO SO much for all the helpful insight on quantum, i truly learned a lot and it was quite fun. see you next semester!
Thanks for being so patient with not only me, but every other student
Hi!! thank you for teaching our lecture group! <33
               
I really enjoyed this full course. And I would 1000%. not 100%, but 1000% recommend this course to anyone. I liked everything about this course. And thank you for taking your time and helping us, students have a successful career. Thank you very much!
Thank you so much for teaching me this semester! I really appreciate your patience and hard work. I have enjoyed learning with you and my skills have definitely improved. Happy Winter Break! 
Have a great winter break!
Thank you! You were so patient and kind, you're so good at teaching
Hey AJ! nice job with this, could you write me a rec. letter? I really need one for my MIT app lol
I love meeting with you every week and getting necessary help on every problem and question I have.
Great instructure :D
You are a great TA. I really enjoyed working and learning from you! I wish you merry Christmas and since I won't hear from you till the next semester, happy new year. I hope you have good holidays and a relaxing break. Good luck on your finals as well!!!
Josh was awesome. Super friendly and a great teacher.  So smart yet humble and down to earth.  Love his style. 
I want to be your student in semester two, please be there. My instructor, you were so great.
To both my TA and instructors: Thank you so much for everything you have done this semester! I have learned so much about Quantum Computing and I look forward to learning even more next semester! Happy Holidays!
Thanks for everything!
Fran and Josh: you guys are awesome! Keep the good work!
Thanks for all your great work
Thank you for your help. Thank to you I learn something new. I hope to to continue to learn more from you.
QQ is the real future
Thank you!
Thank you for a great semester!
You were a really great lab instructor! I like how you went out of your way countless times to make sure that everyone was caught up and on the same page. You were very considerate and thoughtful whenever we weren't understanding concepts.
keep it up
Thank you
Thank you so much! Learning with you was so fun! Happy holidays!
To Ricky: Thank you for being the TA for my lab group this semester! It was cool to see someone invested in quantum mechanics and computing that lives close to where I do! (CT)
To all,

Many thanks and excellent work. I really enjoyed the lectures, labs, and homework. I hope to work with you guys soon. Kindly brief us on how we can join your team if we like to. 

Thank you!
I really enjoyed being part of our lab and having a TA with such a fun personality. Your explanations of what was going on during the lab really helped me out!
Thank you very much for everything!!
My lab instructor was very engaging and informative during every lab session. I truly appreciate his work and commitment to teaching students more about quantum computing!
Thanks a lot for taking time and effort to teach us these wonderful bits of science engineering and coding . 
Thank you Amir, Fran, and Riley for a fun semester of quantum computing! I initially came into this course with no prior knowledge of what quantum computing was, but you all really helped me learn about the field and its concepts. Happy Holidays and I hope to see you in second semester.

 

-Mruthula 
You were great! The energy of your labs were amazing, and I hope to see you next term! 
Saasha is a wonderful, knowledgeable, and patient instructor... I am so grateful to learn from her! Looking forward to learning more next term
Thanks for everything. 
Roses are red

Violets are blue

Qubits are cool

And so are you :)
Thanks so much for such wonderfull Lab sessions, I really enjoyed them. Thanks for your patience and on making sure no question got left behind. Happy Holidays
I liked the attitude of my lab teacher, Hunter Solomon, who not only taught us the lesson, but told us about job opportunities in quantum computing worldwide as well. He has been a really nice person.  
Great job! 
Thank's for your great effort in this course and for making me more interested in this field.
I think it's the first time that I like an instructor or AT. You were really nice and also very passionate about quantum computing. Definitely influenced  this semester.
I don't really have anything to add. The instructor have been very nice and explained concepts very well.
Thank you so much for putting together a wonderful course!
I love my mentor so much <33
I would like to congratulate my TA for the way she gave of the class, very well dosed, from the very basic concepts to the more complex.

So I will say to her, and the other TA that continue like this, with this kind of interest to teach quantum computation.

To the rest of the team, also congratulations for this great iniciative, this will ensure that we can reduce the gap of lack of quantum computer professionals.

I can't wait to enter 2nd semester and continue learning even more deeper concepts of quantum computer.

To you all, qxq team, happy holidays!

Jaafar Abuzid
thank you all so much
No comment. Thank you for your time and efforts! 
Hi Sanskriti, its Anmol, your student from lab 25B. Thank you so much for teaching us so well and also in such a friendly manner. I always felt like i am learning from one of my friends. You were very helpful , solving our doubts. Very excited to continue in Semester 2. Happy Holidays!
Happy winter break
You were great, humble, and helpful. Thank you so much!
Thank you so much for the lectures!
Thank you for being so nice and helpful! I enjoy working with all of you.
This is actually for two TAs.

For Hunter Solomon:

Hey Hunter, how's it going? Just wanted to say that your lab sessions have been some of the finest that I have come across throughout the semester. Keep working toward your goals and I wish you all the best for your future endeavors! Also, if you will, kindly update me on your LinkedIn profile since I haven't been able to find you there. Happy holidays and see you soon!  

Best regards,

Sai

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

For Alev O. :

Hey Alev! I wonder if your surname reads Ouellette or Ozanne or Olson... Would love to stay in touch with you for the next semester as well! (Waiting for you to accept my LinkedIn request by the way). I just wanted to say that I'm grateful for having such a lovely TA as you, always cheering up the lab with your cozy choice of melody in the ear and your frequent warm smiles which honestly make me smile throughout the sessions! You have proved that a simple smile is enough to make someone's day cheerful and happier a thousand fold as you did mine. Thank you. And, look forward to seeing you again in the upcoming semester (hopefully in your sessions again, if luck has it in my favor... haha.. just kidding.. not kidding). Happy holidays!

Warmest regards,

Sai
Fran and Amir were both amazing with lectures, always keeping them very interesting. They explained everything in great detail, and I hope they will continue to do the same. 

 

Alex always was a great help during the live lab sessions, and he helped cement any concepts that I didn't fully know. He was also quite entertaining with some of his responses, making me chuckle during an otherwise normal Saturday morning. 
Thank you so much for your effort! I have enjoyed this course and learned a lot!
A good teacher makes the poor student good and the good student superior. Both are true about me after semester 1 and I owe it all to you. With the little I learned, I was able to earn a badge in the just-ended IBM challenge.
Please speak clearly and loudly.
Thank you for the new knowledge. I learnt quite a lot during this semester! I’m able to understand many concepts easily because of how clearly you taught it. Looking forward to being taught in the next semester as well. :)
Thank you so much Thomas and Fran for hosting my lectures and labs. I hope you all have a great winter break! 
You are an excellent teacher!
Thanks for everything!
Thank you so much for simplifying complicated quantum theories for us. I have learned from you and I am really grateful for what you have done.
Great experience. I hope you'll have great holiday, take care!
I thank my TA's so much for impacting me with this knowledge about quantum computing. I wish them a happy holidays and God richly bless them 
Amazing TA, thank you so much for teaching this semester. 
Have a wonderful holiday and a happy new year!
The instructor and TA are well-prepared before every lecture, making it easy for the students to help them understand these complex concepts.
Powerful Experience, we've had the Best TA so far.

She's just been Superb in all her Explanations, Kudos to her
Thank you, Alex, for being such a great TA! I really appreciate all your help in teaching me quantum computing.
Thank you for being such a cool guy :) Hope you have some fun vacations over the break!
Good job!
The instructor and TA are doing a great job in making us understanding quantum computing without any form of difficulty. On this note, I wish them a happy winter break.
YOU ARE THE BEST!
Thank you for being cool. Happy holidays!
Thanks for teaching us Addie! You're one of the best teachers I've ever had!
I have really enjoyed my lab sessions, and I am looking forward to next semester!
I wish the QxQ team and my TA a lovely summer break and a great new year start. 
I really appreciate you guys for the help I am so happy that I had a chance to be a student of this quantum computing course. Its really fun in this semester one and I am looking forward to see you guys in semester two 2023!

Thank you so much for your support.
Happy holidays! :)
FRAN, AMIR, ADAM AND ADDIE ARE PHENOMENAL!

THEY'RE THE BEST INSTRUCTORS OR TAs ANY STUDENT WOULD WISH FOR!

THEY HAVE SOUND KNOWLEDGE OF THE SUBJECT, VERY PASSIONATE,  HUMBLE AND PATIENT! ALWAYS SETTING STUDENTS UP TO SUCCEED.

THANK YOU TO ALL OF THEM.

WISHING THEM ALL THE VERY BEST HOLIDAY SEASON, NOW AND ALWAYS.

HAPPY HOLIDAYS!
Happy holidays and have a good break! See you next year
Thank you for being an amazing TA, I always loved going to lab! I got to learn so much and I really enjoyed seeing all the funny interactions in chat. I especially enjoyed playing kahoot and learning about quantum tic tac toe! I can't wait to see what else we'll learn in semester 2. Have a wonderful break :)
Thank you for taking the time to teach us and even going over time most labs because we have more questions about the lesson or lab.
Thank you.
thank you for this semester! definitely feeling more comfortable about quantum field but surely it would be better if we work a bit  more on math:) 
Thank you for creating a comfortable learning environment and I can't wait to come back to learn more in the next semester!
Thank you for everything! Have an amazing holiday break and see you next semester!
Thanks for a great semester !
Thank you! Have a good break!
i loved every single person on this team, especially Adam and Fran. although adam wasnt my TA, i still rewatched all the lectures in order to REALLY GRASP THE CONCEPT! 
Coming from a developing country, have never encountered TA's as nice, encouraging, supportive, motivative!!!

They all have been great so far.
Thanks for your help!
A big thanks to Fran and Nick for the excellent lectures. You really explained things well. I also want to thank my lab instructor and adam ( for the engaging recorded lab sessions). 
Thank you!!!!
Thanks for everything, I learnt a lot.
Thanks!
Thank you for all the awesome classes! See you next semester.
I want to leave a note for Alex, the instructor for lab session #31.

Hello Alex,

Thank you so much for teaching us about quantum theories and computing, I am really enjoying everything you've taught us and I'm so excited for semester 2, I hope you have a wonderful winter break, and I'm thankful that you were the TA for Session #31.

By Nour Kenawiy
Thank you for being an amazing TA. Hope you enjoy your Winter Break. : )
Great job.  I watched the recorded labs.  He was excellent in explaining most items.  Try not to say things like, "That is more advanced." "You don't need to know that, it is more advanced than this course."  If we do not need to know it, don't say it.  This is perceived as a put-down.  I know it is not, but when dealing with HS students, it is better to not say it or say something like, "If you continue in Quantum Computing, you will delve into this topic deeper."  The latter is more inviting to continue in the field.  You also were good at answering questions, especially during the breaks.  That helped me a lot even though I did not ask one question!
Thank you for you patience and help for us to learn Quantum Computing.
Everyone did an excellent job! I've enjoyed the course so far a lot. Have a great break and I'll see you again in the new year!
Thank you to all the instructors and TAs that helped build this course. It is a wild opportunity that, as a high school student, I get to understand the inner workings of a developing field that, just a year ago, I would've considered way out of my scope. Learning about quantum gates, circuits, bits, etc., has been among the most engaging experiences I've managed to come across. Again, I can't thank everyone who made that a possibility. I hope all the instructors, TAs, and people behind the scenes have a great holiday and a happy new year, and I hope to have another great semester next year!
Lab sessions were great : good explanations, super TA. I had a good time each week and it was very useful to learn and improve my quantum skills !
Thank you for teaching the class. You made it really fun and learning became easier.
Thank you for helping us this semester! I really enjoyed the labs!
Besides all this issues & solutions i pointed out above i am very cool wit the whole program.if u dont mind my asking this question.wats full benefits of completing 1st and 2nd semester in good grades.e.g like monetary gifts,a fully funded scholarship to advance the course further to a Bsc level, to be sponsored to come oversees to join the reseach group or finally if the student can be granted ajob overseas there or online remote job??? 
Thanks so much for the great labs! Hope to see you next term. Have a great Christmas (and great break, if you don't celebrate)! <3
Thank you for teaching us this semester, Thomas!! Can't wait to learn more from you next semester!!
Alex truly made the sessions enjoyable to attend each week, it was a bummer we couldn't bid a final farewell since he couldn't make it to the final week for us. But truly enjoyed the classes and interactions, hoping to stay connected! ^_^
I think the labs were very easy to understand and fun to learn.
Addie was so patient on every q we do ask even if it sounds not connected and he does all their best!
Thank you very much for your help. You have been an amazing TA thus far! (:
Thank you so much for all your efforts, and hope you have a restful holiday!
Happy winters 
Hey Alex, i may not have been the most active in your lab, but you were an amazing TA, I look forward to seeing you in Semester 2 to learn more, your enthusiasm inspires me to question more and trying to understand it better.

 

Thank you so much for making this semester 10 times better.
Thank you soo much for all your wonderful efforts. You people did a great job and were very supportive through out the semester.
Thank you Mr Adam for all you did for Us. You've been most helpful in many ways than one. I look forward to learning from you again next semester. 
Thank you
Thanks a lot for all the effort you put into labs!
Thanks for teaching us this past semester! Really appreciate the amount of effort you put into each session, helping us and answering our questions! Enjoy your winter break,  merry christmas and happy new year! 
Hey Addie, 

I LOVE your lectures and the clarity with which you deliver them and I can see the passion you have for this subject—looking forward to another semester.

Merry Christmas and have a great New Year
Thank you for the semester, you were great!
Have a good time!
Well nothing to say, you guys are awesome
Please keep lab 32 people including the TA same
Have a great christmas and new year
Merry Christmas and a happy new year yall!
I like how they are always enthusiastic to teach us the concepts and clears all our queries, they make us comfortable and is very welcoming for all the queries and responses. Their teaching style is great too, which makes the concepts even more enjoyable to learn.

Thanks a lot!!!!
Excellent !
firstly i want to thank all the team of qubit by qubit for having provided us high-level experts in quantum computing and special thank  for our lecturer (amir and fran with assistant) who have made quantum computing more explicit while being precise and concise , my minds to saasha for his involvement in the implementation of the knowledge of the course and for his extensive explanations. I will like to meet all of you soon
Thank you for making me say that I am glad to have attended this course.
Instructors for both lab and lectures were very friendly and helpful. Our lab instructor is specifically good at explaining things. I want him in the next sem too!
My TA is Thomas Sievert. I really enjoyed the lab sections with him. He explained the concepts very well.
Hi!

I just wanted to leave you a big thank you. You always shared great explanations and your lab sessions were fun.
Saasha has been great! Thank you!
Thank you!
Thanks Addie for explaining everything so nicely and for responding to every little queries. 
Very nicely explained the concepts in the lab!
Thank you for your time. It has been amazing being taught by you.
Good effort!!
Thank you so much for your diligence and effort! You always make the sessions informative and enjoyable. I laud your wealth of knowledge on the subjects, but you always manage to contextualize the information to be within the realm of accessibility. You have made this class so much easier to be comprehended and joyful. Thank you!
Thanks a lot Alev . You are the best instructor i hope we'll see each other in next semester.
i would just like to appreciate for your time enthusiasm and your interaction to make us feel inclusive and session lively. thank you
You guys are the bestestestestest!!!!!!!!!! 

Love you guys <3

Can't wait to see you all in the next semester! 
Games were really fun, and the labs were interesting!
The explainations are certainly clear , crisp and good. Thanks .
A note for my instructor and/or TA is that I hope they have an amazing winter break! They have helped my throughout my journey of quantum science and I am beyond thankful for this program. 
The quick talk about recent jobs before the lab has helped me to get more insight about the quantum industry and what I should study and do to excel the requisites.
You've been an amazing instructor and  hope to have you guys next semester.
Thank you so much for your valuable efforts in teaching us. I know it's something that you do in your spare time so thank you for choosing to spend it with students like us. We really appreciate your efforts!
I wish to bestow upon thou, my gratitude. Thine concise approach in the delineation of information relating to the topic at hand-Quantum Computing-has not only prepared me with the insight that I require to finish this course, but also with what I need to pursue a career in this illustrious field. I bid you adieu until we meet once more.
Sanskriti, You have been an amazing TA. I request you to keep me in your lab for 2nd Semester. I like your lab sessions as well as you answer my questions in classes. Please continue the good work. I hope to work with you in the field of quantum in future.:)
you guys have done an excellent job.
My TA was great, so I have no problems.
Thank you so much for being there to help and teach had great experience to learn from you. I will miss you a lot after the course is complete
Provides a great space to ask questions with no judgement and explains topics well.
WooooW ... I can't forget my first Q-circuit 

Thank you so so so much. You all are amazing. 

I can't believe how do make this course lovely and encouraging. I'm currently looking for a graduate school to start my graduate studies after nearly 11 years a part from school. You don't only help young, but also a mid-thirty ^_^ 

 

With Love!
Nothing 
TA Adam is very patient in answering questions and leads us well, enabling us to answer the weekly lab assignment questions in the homework. Our lectures have been encouraging and helped us to grasp key and complex concepts in Quantum Mechanics and Quantum Physics top-level topics. Conceptual physic is, I think, key for all beginners in Quantum Computing, and it takes a good experience lecturer to be able to teach those.
Have a nice winter break and happy holidays.
Joe was very fun and answered questions in an understandable way. He made the class very approachable
Hi Alev, thanks for the wonderful learning experience you shared with us. I really learnt and understood a lot from the labs. And your background music too was great :).

And to the entire Qubit x Qubit team (instructors, TAs and the management team), you all have made this first part of the program great and I am very grateful and excited to be part of this quantum journey. Can wait to have the second semester started next year.

And finally, big thanks to IBM Quantum for making this possible for me and many others! 

Merry Christmas to you all!
I love you guys =D
I am very much satisfied, Thanks
Happy holidays!
Thank you!
I really appreciated my instructor because he always answered all the questions posed in a comprehensive and easy-to-understand way even by me. 
It was good 
Thanks a lot for sharing your knowledge and expertise with us! I really appreciate the job posts, advice, and all the other resources you provided us with! And best of luck with your work in the Quantum field!
I really enjoyed the fact that our lab instructor showed us jobs in the field. 
Thank you for guiding us throughout the semester. I was really enjoying watching to your labs. I learned a lot about quantum computing now. Once again thank you for your efforts.
my lab TA was great , very interactive and friendly , no complaints 
N/A, have a great winter break!
I didn't like the way my lab instructor taught but definitely may be I was not able to grasp the teachings she gave.
Alev, Sanskrit were the best TAs
It was fun having Addie in my lab, I felt more interested to learn when he taught.
Thank you!
Thank you very much for answering my questions  when I was confused and for your constant positivity during our lab sessions. I understand you have other responsibilities so I appreciate you taking time out of your day to do these labs with such enthusiasm . You were very understanding and it did not go unnoticed.

Thank you very much and have a blessed Winter break. 
Merry Christmas, and see you next semester!
Enjoyed , understood the concepts and really appreciate them for all the help. Looking forward to Semester 2.
yes she is very cool and explains very well.
My TA is an excellent lecturer.
Hi Fran! I first wanna wish you a happy Christmas season. You have been a good educator. I am very sure you are excelling in your studies. How is the research going by the way? Hope its coming real good. I wanna take this moment and commit myself by saying, 

           " I, Batsile Baraedi look forward to working with Fran Vasconcelos

              in doing a lot of quantum research for the future.No matter what

              happens, I ll stay focused to this dream of mine."
You have been an amazing TA for the first semester and I am so glad that I get to stay in your lab section next semester. Thank you so much for all the help on homework and explaining concepts, it has really made the class more enjoyable.
Thank you so much for your guidance. The lab sessions have been very helpful to understand the concepts better. 
Thank you so much for creating such a fun classroom environment this semester! I hope you have a great break!
The TA was very helpful and kind. 
Thank you!
They did a great job!
Have a fun winter break!
Thank you for taking the time to help us break into quantum computing!
Love you all!
I hope you enjoy your winter break as well! I hope to come with a fresh mind, learn from great people, and get along with the people in my classroom.
He was good.
Thank you for teaching me!
I want to appreciate the interest from our instructor to try to cover all topics with examples and immerse knowledge
Amazing instructors and TAs. Keep doing the great work, really appreciate it. Thanks.
I thought that they were very insightful and taught the class in a productive and interesting way that really helped me develop my knowledge on quantum computing. 
Thank you so much for your help this semester!
Our TA Alex Mikulich was amazing and incredibly interactive. Yeah, he messed up a few times but was an excellent teacher overall!
I would spend less time on job opportunities during the lab sessions.
To the TA:

thank you for being an amazing TA, your teaching methods are exemplary  and your approach is always simple and understandable. 
 
To the instructors:

wonderful lectures that I will always go back to, Thank you so much!
Meeting Kiera & Gabbie in person at the QWC was excellent.  There was another young lady with them, but I didn't get her name.  

I just think this whole team is awesome and it is my pleasure to be associate with them.
Thank you
ur amazing :D
Alex was an excellent tutor. He was very kind and patient answering every question in the class. The teaching method was good, and classes were interesting.
You are a great instructor.
Thank you all for teaching us wonderfully this semester I have learned a lot this semester. Looking forward for the next semester.
All of the TA(s) and instructors were really nice but one of them has become my personal favorite, and that is sir Adam. He is our lab instructor/TA, he always tries to clear all of our doubts and is one of the prettiest person I have seen, inside and out. 
TA was quite good. He also provide great insights about quantum world.
Thank you for being so patient with us and teaching us in an upcoming and new field. Showing us the path to be the next generation of innovators in a new field and to participate in the advancement of the human race as a whole. I enjoyed the teaching time with all my instructors and TAs. They were really sweet, helpful and encouraging, which was a great aspect to the overall experience of the course and I feel I learned better due to having such amazing and well versed instructors.
They were awesome & did their best to explain all the difficult topics.
Thank you so much for all the time and effort that you dedicated to providing us the best possible experiences in this course!
Thank you very much for your hard work!! It was lovely interacting with you and the class every Saturday and Sunday. Hope you have an amazing winter. Wishing you an early Merry Christmas and see you soon in 2023. 
Happy holidays.

Looking forward to learn more
Thank you for being patient and helping us during the lab.  Your insights on the course and personal experience was awesome and helpful.  Your ability to let everyone feel comfortable in the lab allowed everyone to feel comfortable sharing our failures and successes in the lab.  Overall, great job!
Thank you for all the time and effort you have put into teaching us during this course, I have greatly enjoyed the challenge as well as getting to learn something new and exciting. I hope you have a nice break and thank you again for everything this course has had to offer.
i have great teacher in my lab and i want to thank him because of information he gave me throughout this whole semester
Thank you so much for the time and effort y’all are putting into this program. Its so heartwarming to know so many people around the world can learn something as cool as Quantum and get some slight hands on experience!! People like y’all are the reason why I love the STEM community, have a great break!!
Thank you for putting so much effort into the course, especially answering all your questions even when they were not strictly relevant to the course content. 
My instructors were both great, I appreciate all their hard work. And to my TA Ricky, you rock! I didn't interact much, but the lab sessions never felt like something I was obligated to do just because it was so much fun to learn with you. Happy holidays everyone!
All the instructors did a fantastic job and my lab instructor Sanskriti also did a commendable job. 
I appreciate my tutors… both lectures and lab.
Thank you and have a Merry Christmas
Thank you for multiplying my curiosity about quantum computing.You guys were awesome.
Thank you for a great first semester!!!
Merry Christmas
TA is really very nice person he always help us in every doubt infact he is doing practical in his laptop and show us how can we solve. I personally like the that way of solving doubt even I watch you tube recorded videos but ya he is explained everything so I solved my all doubts in the yt recorded videos.

 
Thank you for your time and I’ll see you next semester!
My TA is excellent! He really makes our lab sessions fun and interactive. I'm glad to see have him next semester as well!
William explains the work really well and always answers everyone's questions. He is a great TA and I'm glad to have him teaching my lab.
I would like to thank you for the wonderful time that I had in the course of this semester. The easiness with which you could  present a complex topic was always something that I found very interesting. I honestly believe that you are one of the reasons that kept the course this much exciting. Hoping to see you in the next semester.

Thankyou..
Thank you very much all of you,

Arise and honor the teacher... The teacher is almost a messenger!
Merry Christmas, God bless!
All Good
Thank you for all your help this past semester. I am looking forward to the course work for the next semester.

 

Happy Holidays! 
To lab 1A TA,

Dear Cecile, 

You've been an amazing lab teacher this semester and really helped with making the information much more approachable! I, personally, thank you for that.

Happy Holidays to you and your loved ones!

Hope to see you again next semester! :)

Yours,

Fanourios
I love lab sessions with Alev! 
Thank you teachers for an amazing semester
Your sessions were great and easily digestible. Your sessions cemented the concepts that were thought in the lecture. The sessions never felt like a lecture. It was like a friend-to-friend teaching.
Your sessions instigated my interest on Quantum Computing. I have decided to take Quantum Computing for my career. I really need and request your help in pursuing this interest, to guide me at the right path. If possible, would I able to get your contact details to discuss this on further!
He was a good teacher!
I really want to thank both my instructor and TA for their efforts especially because they've always been so open to questions.
Our TA Riley has been amazing and has helped me out a ton. Thanks a lot Riley!
Thank you for teaching us and it's been a pleasure to learn from you!
Thank you for being awesome at teaching the content and at answering questions. I hope you have a great winter break!!
Thank you so much for your engaging, kind and informative sessions. Thank you for keeping it dynamic and fun! 
My gratitude to you for all you have done, which I will never forget. I truly appreciate you and your time you spent helping me in many occasions. Thank you very much for the course. I enjoyed every minute of your lecture as well as your marvelous sense of humor. I need a winter break.I would like to request leave days. 
Dear Professor Farhan,

I wanted to express my sincerest gratitude for all the time and effort you put into teaching me this semester. Your lectures were always engaging and thought-provoking, and I learned so much from you.

Your guidance and support were invaluable to me, and I am deeply grateful for everything you did to help me succeed. Your willingness to meet with me outside of class and offer extra help was truly appreciated, and I know it made a significant difference in my understanding of the material.

Thank you again for being such a dedicated and caring professor. I feel fortunate to have had the opportunity to learn from you, and I'll see you after the new year.

Sincerely,

Maciej
Hey Nitya!

I wanted to thank you for your patience during the lab sessions as well as your positive attitude towards everything. You always made the labs interactive which helped me and made me feel much more comfortable.

Hope you have the happiest holidays!

Simona
I enjoyed the lessons. Happy holidays!
I like each of instructors and TAs. They were really funny. 
Hi,

Thank you so much for teaching us so much about quantum computing. I think all of you did a really great job and personally, I learned a lot.

Happy Holidays!
Thank you for all the great content and time

 
maybe we could proceed faster during the session. although depends on other students.

and thanks a lot. have a nice holiday.
I loved each and every lecture and lab session! Thank you so much for making all the concepts extremely clear! Looking forward to semester 2!
Thanks for this wonderful semester! Really had fun in your labs. I enjoyed all of what you had to share and teach.
Thank you!
Thank you for being such a wonderful TA! You were very funny, and I enjoyed all your fun facts at the beginning of class.
this was very good having you as our instructor

you teach well
Everything was fine.
He did great jobs

 
Have an amazing Winter Break.
Do share your contacts (Linkedin, etc) with the students. we would like to keep in touch with awesome TA's and lecturers.
Have a wonderful winter break!
Hey sir, I'm not sure if you're told who wrote this, this is Timothy. With the holidays coming up and the first semester having ended (more or less) by now, I thought it would be worthwhile to leave this message here for you. As I previously mentioned in this quiz (though I am not sure if you are able to see that part), the labs with you and the rest of Lab Number Four have easily been some of the best parts of this class so far, and I am incredibly happy that I still have another semester with you guys. I could go on some long-winded rant about this subject, but that would definitely be kinda pointless and very creepy, so I'll just leave it at that. Have a good break sir, happy holidays, and remember that Pimento Cheese is the best kind for a Josephson Junction sandwich.
Thank you for all of your help!
Thank you so much!
Hello

Ricky is nice been with all this while, wish u a fruitful holiday. Happy New Year in advance
I want to express my gratitude to our lab instructor, Josh, for being ever diligent in breaking down concepts for us to better understand. Thank you for being patient and sensitive when you feel like we are a bit confused with the topic. You are a great teacher! 

 
Thank You Ricky!
Thanks a lot for your kind support and love. Your way of teaching admires myself the most and brings out my crazy thoughts about Quantum Computing. Your beautiful answers for the doubts during live lab sessions are well mannered. I think it's better if we were provided with PPT's of Lectures and Labs. Kindly consider my request and provide me that google slides and all. Thanks a lot guys.
I love your friendly nature !
Thank you for your efforts and dedication that made this wonderful semester possible!! 
I would just like to say thank you very much Nitya for all that you did and for all the time and effort you have put in . Hope you have a blessed and good break.
I wish I could drop questions about coding (about the course) that not including in the labs.
Dear TA, you’ve been insanely interesting, and such a sweet person to look up to and ask questions! I loved spending time with you, looking forward to future interactions!
Thank you for opening my horizons in every way during the half term. I am really happy that I participated in this course, and I am very grateful that you did not leave our questions unanswered.
Thank you! It was great attending your labs. 
Our TA was amazing. He took a lot of care in hosting the course. He would ask for individual introductions which helps in getting to know the class better. He also took out time to answer individual questions even no matter what the question was.

I loved the lectures, the first lecture was just perfect and gave an amazing headstart to the entire course
Thanks a lot to all the instructors and TA's of this program. I sincerely love you all.
I would like to thank all the instructors and TA who made a great effort for us to benefit from the content of this program. We have really benefited from you a lot through this program, and you are a major reason for introducing us more about Quantum Computer.
Thank you for being patient and helping us understand such complex topics!

I look forward to working with you again next semester and I wish you happy holidays. :)
I do not know if that is possible but it would be great if specialist terms !even when they might seem easy for native speakers, were explained since as somebody who is not a native speaker and does not go to an english school one has not really heard of these words.
It’s been a delightful course and I hope to see you next semester, happy holidays!
Thank you, for everything. It has been a pleasure. Can't wait to begin next semester!
Thank you for all the help and support you have provided. You did a great job. 
Thank you Ricky! Always enjoyed being in class (:
overall good. keep it up. 
I wish them the best and hope their make some very interesting discoveries in their research.

 

Also quick question

Can I use my Quantum Computing Certificate after we finish semester 2 to advance further? Like would it be possible to use it?
Thank you for all their hard work all semester! Happy New Year!
I have none.
Merry Christmas to everyone and wishing for a successful 2023 for everyone!
Thank you. Merry Christmas.
She was great, but sometimey a bit disorganized

 
I hope you have a great Holiday and winter break. You are a really good and educated TA. I love how you answer students' questions with a lot of detail as it helps others to gain more knowledge. Thank you very much 
thank you for a wonderful 1st semester
Thanks for your help. Have a nice holiday.
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year.. See you soon.. 
Thank you for your support and guidance. I would like to learn more about how quantum computing can be used in social science next semester. 
Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!
Semester one was really great, the instructor, out TA lab instructor were really emphasized on making things less complicated by making it more fun. Nothing feels any discomfort during all the session. 
Thank you your lab sessions have been very helpful 
Thank you so much for everything! Really appreciate your time <3
Thank you for your efforts and hard work!!!
Dear Farhan,

Thank you so much for you're fantastic explainations. You pretty much cleared every doubt I had! I learned more from your labs than I have imagined. Qubit by Qubit was right to pick you as a TA. Thanks again!

 
Hey Gideon! I want to say thank you for a great semester! I learned a lot from you, and your explanations were great! Have a wonderful break!
Hey! Thank you so much for helping bring quantum into the lives of so many students. You've really made a difference in my life in terms of my interest in quantum and STEM in general!
Thank you for the sessions this semester and I can't wait for the next.
Thank you for your help
I would like to thank Mr Pearson for assisting us this semester. As a non-native English speaker, I felt completely confident with his explanation. He was able to simplify the topic so we could understand the topic significantly. Again, thanks, Mr Pearson.
Thank you for taking your time to share your knowledge with us. The enthusiasm and interest shown towards the content while teaching helped increase the love I had for quantum computing. My understanding of Quantum Computing has certainly improved and I'm more confident in saying "I know quantum computing" now. 

Thank you. 
Nothing.
None, thanks!
I just want to thank you for all the time and effort and the good work as the Lab class were always very dynamic, not boring and with a lot of good content. I learned a lot, and it's always good to have the support of such a great team. I think you can say mission accomplished for this first semester. Congratulations to you all and have a wonderful holiday season. 
Throughout the 1st semester, I got to learn a lot of stuffs from Madam Fran and Sir Amir in the lectures, and Sir Adam in the labs. All of them are just awesome. They helped us with patience clearing all the doubts. So, I want to say thank you very much and even more excited to hear from you all in the next semester. 
You are the best. Keep up the good work. 
My instructor, Riley, was a great instructor. He made sure to make the class interactive and fun, answered any questions, and showed us different ways to solve a problem. I always looked forward to lab!
Thanks so much for being so understanding and kind!
The TA for us really awesome where we enjoyed and discussed a lot about everything. A special thanks to him and the Coding School.
You were awesome in teaching all the concepts!
Mr. Adam, and the rest of the team, thank you very much for the amazing course structure! Happy holidays, if you are celebrating and have a great rest! 
Thank you Josh for a great lab!  I respect your patience and supportive attitude throughout.
Thank you for this semester! I spent a great time learning about quantum computing with you and I hope it will help me in the future. 
Thank you for a great semester!! Have a great break!
This note is for my  mentor Anastasia Marchenkova Quantum Scientist who introduced this magical Quantum world to me. I started watching her YouTube video and learnt about it. She introduced the process of filling up the form of  QxQ The coding school semester  on Twitter. I was late to fill up the form. But she was the one who brought me in this class.

Thank you very much Anastasia :-) 

Amrit Kumar
I loved that you took the time to ask us how comfortable we were with each new thing we were learning. 
Thank you so much Alex. You've been great and your work has been remarkable and greatly incredible. I've grown significantly, in depth, width and height with my knowledge and ability in relation to the course. I hope you enjoy this well deserved break and I look forward to seeing you next semester!
You helped me a lot to get through this semester & I am looking forward to the next semester.

Happy holidays,,, 
You did an awesome job! You were really patient and always took your time to make sure that the concept was explained well. You had a great temperament all through the semester and seems to me that you're very good at teaching stuff. Really appreciate all the hard word you put into teaching us!
Thanks for taking great sessions
I am grateful to the Qubit team for giving me the chance to learn quantum computing from the ground up from the top experts in the world.
As a beginner, I found the course to be very helpful, and our teaching assistant greatly contributed to our ability to fully comprehend quantum theory through practical applications.
Being the centre of such a wonderful community is wonderful.
I greatly appreciate it. :)
Thank you so much for teaching and clearing all doubts. 
Thanks for guiding me throughout the last two months. Enjoy the holidays, Merry Christmas, and let's all meet up again in 2023.
Thank you, guys!
This is a fantastic experience and an engaging journey into quantum computing.
As for me, this organization and quality are impressive for an online course.
I will be glad to see you soon!
Merry Christmas.
Thank you for teaching me all this cool stuff! I appreciate your work :))
have a good winter break
Rick, you are amazing! Please, keep this "education energy" inside you in every class that you will teach, always interacting with your students like you did with us! Thank you for the classes, see you in the second semester ?!
Thankyou!
my TA was best!! he explained everything in lab . and i hope i stay with same TA in second semester 
I really liked her way of teaching. It is wonderful and simple and makes me understand in no time. So, thank you for your efforts.
Thanks!
I would like to thank all of our instructors for their time and effort. What you have done is a lot to me!
They were doing great.
Hi Sanskriti!

I loved the lab sessions, they’re always so much fun. I hope you have a wonderful winter break!

Haya

the one with the camera open ;)

 
Nora was very informative and give support to students and acknowledges our questions.
Thank you for the clarity and amazing work! 
The instructors and TAs are excellent and helpful. They taught the concepts comprehensively. 
Up to see you in the next Semester.
Addie was excellent on explaining a number of items through the semester. Unfortunately as LAB 28 was at 8pm my time on a Sat evening, it became more convenient to use the recorded lab sessions on Youtube.
Labs helped me to understand the topic and get more insight and you have done good job!!
Thank you Joe for the great lab sessions!
I am very thankful to have great opportunity to learn and discuss problems with them and eagerly waiting for new sessions to explore quantum computing more..
It was a great learning experience and I got to learn such interesting things in an absolutely amazing manner, and all credit for that goes to you.
Okish
You are AWESOME!!
This you a lot for your helpful elaborations and your nice responses to the questions.
I enjoyed the most all the lectures by Fran. I wish I could attend more lectures of her.
Thank you so much, Nitya for your work! 

#Lab_6_rules #Nityaisthebest #QxQ
Thank you!
Thank you for your services
Special thanks to them...

I really loved the way Adam handled the labs this semester, really made me understand it better...

Cheers
A sincere thanks to the TA for her amazing explaining skills! All questions were answered with utmost clarity and best of all the lab session wasn't as bore as I thought it would be!
Thank you very much Addie !! 
Thank you for your hard work!
She is good and very helpful.
Thank you for being a good instructor in clarifying doubts.
Thank you so much for being such and awesome TA :))
It has been an interesting journey to learn from you. Thank you very much!
I'm glad that questions are being answered in their allotted time and not as and when they are asked. This gives time to focus on the coverage of the lessons. The delivery of the lectures and the manner in answering the questions are very good. I'm happy to be part of this course and looking forward to the next semester. 
Hi Riley, 

I hope all is well and that you’re enjoying your winter break! :) 

You did an amazing job and I appreciate all your labs that you did with us. You were always ready to help and also made sure that we understand, if the topic was a little complicated. As you can see, you really cared about us and explained everything great.

im exited for next semester and can’t wait! :) 

Happy Holidays 

Best Regards, 

Ljubica 
thank you all for teaching us so well and sacrificing your time to teach us. Thank you.
Nothing specific. They are doing awesome job to explain concepts in layman terms. Kudos to Fran/Amir, TAs and lab instructors.
i wanna said to all my instructor Alex , Aranc and Amir  thanks for all thing, i spent a good time with them i discovered much things because them , i hope i will meet the in the real to thank them .
The sessions were amazing all the work done by Instructor and TA was great and they managed it really well.
Thank you all for your hardwork and dedication! I hope too see you all in the near future. :)
Thank you for every lecture that you gave 
See you in the next semester. CHEERS! :D
Merry Christmas and Happy new Year! 

Appreciate for what you have done in this term. 
I've registered only for one semester, now what should I do ? Any credits or certificate ? Or should I wait till the completion of second semester ?

 
Nice work!
Mr. Dube has been an amazing individual throughout the semester thus far, and has went over and above to try and answer all our questions. Furthermore, he has distilled this complex topic down in an understandable way such that anyone can comprehend through his excellent explanations.
I would like to thank all the TA's especially Addie as they did amazing and we're very helpful during all the semester.
Thank you for lab!
They are very good

The way they teach is interesting

I wish them that they continue this way
Thank my TA and QXQ for letting me learn valuable knowledge.
Thank you for assisting me this semester. Your guidance and dedication is greatly appreciated by me. Thank you for teaching me more about quantum and for helping my curiosity grow more about this section. 
Thank you Addie for being such a great TA. I have been able to understand concepts taught in lectures that I did not fully understand thanks to you.
Very good job he's doing 
Thanks for you time and dedication, can’t wait for next semester and happy holidays!
Thank you so so much for helping us understand. It is amazing that you made sure everyone understood while also being quick
Nothing 
thanks for reaching to me and helping me out
Thanks so much for all your passion and effort, really excited about the next semester and actually interested in opportunities to join your team :) 
I really appreciate every instructor and TA, although one the first couple LAB one TA has some internet problems, all good later. 
My notes for Nitya Devaraj, is that you were amazing instuctor, you helped me through the course so much, you provided me with very good information and you were helpful. Thanks very much.
Hey Josh, 

 

Thanks for being a great TA and giving random facts here and there and answering all of the questions with a very positive attitude! 
My TA was amazing. I would love to be in his lab sessions for the second semester too. He was very calm and answered every question perfectly.
Thank you for putting the time to help us understand this difficult concept and I hope your have a happy holiday season
Thank you!
Best teacher and I like explanation of TA
Thank you so much! I really loved learning about quantum computing! 
Thank you very much for teaching us in lab and going through concepts.  I am very much grateful. 
Thank you for being a great teacher! I learned a lot!
They were nice and helpful. 
Keep up the fantastic job; I enjoy your courses and sessions.
Thank you for giving me insight onto the field of quantum computing in general. I will hopefully apply my knowledge of quantum computing to solving biological problems in the future. And I certainly hope you guys will become prominent research scientists in the field of quantum computing or quantum mechanics.
I hope that your end of the year is going well, it has been fun working with you this semester. I especially enjoyed getting to know you better to a certain extent. I am impressed my your curitoty and dedication in this field of study. You made teaching fun and interesting this semester and I appreciate that. Have a great Christmas and a Happy New Year. 
i did not have a ta but for my summer course i had Ricky Dube and i loved him as a TA he was very memorable and good at teaching. 
Really loved it
You were super nice and so fun, I'm so happy I got you as my TA!
Thank you so much for teaching me quantum!!
Thank you so much for teaching this course! I was able to easily follow along with the recordings since you were so good at explaining the concepts.
The lab sessions are really amazing. I knew that you would do your best as you always will.
thank you all for all the work and effort you put into this course!
Thank you for teaching the lab sessions and being so patient with all of us and answering all the questions and staying late when students had extra questions. I really appreciate all your hard work. Happy Holidays!
My TA is amazing, speaks clearly and also shows that they have a personal life by talking about their day during the lab session.
Ricky is just amazing! He is very kind and helping. He don't get bored with the questions that students ask in the live lab. He is so interacting too. Lastly, he made lab easier!
Thank you!! You're amazing!
Hello Addie!

Thank you for teaching us all about quantum computing this semester! It was very fun, and you made our lab a great time!

I hope you have an amazing winter break and a very merry Christmas!
You've been great thanks!
I liked how Addie is energetic and enthusiastic about what he is teaching, which helps me be engaged in the labs and lectures! Have a great break!
Have a good winter break! Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays!!
Our TA is just excellent.
Thanks Addie for being a fun TA!
Hello!

Thank you for taking time out of your busy nights to teach me about quantum computing. I have been learning so much about coding, pyhton,m Qiskit, and algorithms that I cannot thank you enough. Whenever I am asked what a circuit means in terms of what it contains and which parts are entangled or not, I am able to explain it with ease, as well as apply and explain concepts to professionals. Your work is much appreciated!  I hope you can take it easy this break and have a wonderful Christmas and New Year! 
Thank you Addie :) I really appreciate your patience and clarity in going through the material, such as when explaining the more difficult concepts, and answering all the questions we have, piquing our interest in Quantum Computing! :)
I just wanted to express my sincerest gratitude for all of your hard work and dedication to our course this semester. Your passion for the subject and your willingness to go above and beyond to help us truly made a difference in my learning experience.

I will always look back on this course with fond memories and appreciation for your guidance. Thank you again for everything.
Instructor was great! I little bit distracting in the first labs but his passion in teaching is contagious.
I REALLY LIKE THE LAB A LOT. IT IS EASY AND NICE
I appreciate all time and effort that you put in this course, I'm thankful with this opportunity and I'm really happy that there are projects dedicate to teach Quantum Computing, I hope a day to become a great scientist and teach to others
Thank you, Adam. Your explanations were simple, and I could easily understand what you were teaching. Sometimes I would have to rewatch the lab video but in the end I was able to learn new information.
Thank you.
Happy holidays! I wish the best to the QxQ instructors, TA and everyone. See you next semester!
You're perfect!
Thank you for making the labs enjoyable. 
Hi Nora Bauer,

I hope the end of the year is treating you well! It has been so fun working with you this semester.  You have made learning Quantum so fun this semester. Thank you for being part of this semester!

Have a happy break!

 

Many thanks.

Omer
Have a nice winter break, a merry Christmas, and happy holidays!
Thank you Josh for the lab lectures.  You had a good way of explaining a very complicated subject
Thanks you TA for all the support
Merry Christmas.
I would like to say thanks for the time and effort put in by the TA every week along side of other commitments. It has been a great semester and i have really enjoyed the live labs. 

 

But also thanks to the rest of the team in helping the course run smoothly and creating a vibrant environment for students to study and share ideas. It has been a great experience so far and i am extremely looking forward to semester 2 and hopefully a successful future in quantum. 

 

In addition, i am curious as to how a UK physics undergrad could jump into the quantum scene in the USA once graduated. I have not had much time to surf around for information since starting this course as my degree is demanding. If anyone could point me in the right direction that would be amazing. 

 

Thank you!

 

 
Hi Sanskriti, thank you so much for all the help and encouragement you have given to us during our lab hours. These lab hours were a lot more helpful than I would have expected and it is all thanks to you. I hope you have a good winter break and happy early birthday!!!
To TA  ANDY(lab 28) thank you so much for your good work, and to to the whole Coding school thank you for the opportunity .
Thank you for all the time you guys have put into teaching us. I have learned a lot and hope to apply my newfound knowledge to bigger things in college!
Ricky, thank you so much for taking time out of your busy night to host lab sessions for us!
Wishing them all best, they should continue helping us we really enjoyed the lessons and the labs God bless them all the time.
happy holidays 
Enjoy your holidays and see you next semester <3
Hi Ricky, I really enjoyed your labs, and the fun environment that you created! You have made learning quantum computing easier, and more entertaining. Thank you, and have a great winter break!
You are the best. Hope to see you next time and happy holidays.
I love your way of teaching us all this info and you are doing amazing and I was lucky to have such a wonderful instructor 
My lab was hosted by Alev, I have nothing but good things to say. At the beginning of each class she would talk to us and play us music until everyone joined which i appreciated bc it made the atmosphere so nice. She explained everything very clearly and made sure to answer everyone's questions. The labs were always so much fun for me. 
Thank you, Josh, you've been a great teacher and it's been a fun semester.
Thank you so much for your patience and support!!
Thank you very much for the great course!
You're the best Riley!!!

(Still waiting on an invitation to the wedding ;) )
Thanks for the 1st phase of this material and gorgeous journey. enjoy the winter break
Thank you all your help! Happy Holidays!
Adam is doing an amazing job! We're so lucky to have him.
I hope to complete this course successfully and get the full experience from this course
I love your cheerful personality shining despite the time crunch that inevitably comes with doing this!
Thank you so much for helping from the beginning of this semester. From labs to homework reviews, you always wanted to ensure everyone in the course understood these concepts. Thank You, Ricky!
Thanku so much for your help throughout the semester.

Wishing you a enjoyable break.

Cheers
I really like how everyone is excited to talk to students about the topics we learn.
Thank you Team QxQ, you are doing a great job and I wish to see you all in the next semester. 

Have a great holiday & winter break!

~Joydeep
Dear Ricky

Thank you for making the first semester interesting and easy to understand.

 
i wish you all merry Christmas and happy new year in advance. see you in 2023
Addie is a very good TA and also, he makes the lab more inspiring and ease any issue for us. that makes me feel that everything is doing good and if there is any issue, it can be handled. I am grateful to him for his positive energy along the lab and for always answering our questions and helping in any problem.  
Thank you so much for your time and effort ! 
I would like to connect with instructor to discus further about my interest in quantum computing and how I can pursue my career in this field.
I have learned incredibly novel concepts; however, the second semester is going to be more challenging and full of new ideas. I appreciate the entire management team of the coding school for the invaluable cooperation displayed by them. I hope the same trajectory will continue and finish the course with a high benchmark.
Thank you for your hard work!  It's been fun! :D
I love your music taste.
We did not have a consistent TA for the lab.  Happy New year!
Josh, thank you for being so approachable and helpful with all my questions. Alex, I thank you as well for being so helpful and catching me up on a few concepts I wasn't as confident with.
Have a good holiday
I loved the labs and

I wish you a merry Christmas
I wish you a merry Christmas
I wish you a merry Christmas and a happy new year.
Thanks for teaching Quantum Computing. Because of you, now its not that much difficult to understand. Have a nice winter. Take care.
Thank You for for all the help and support
I really enjoy your labs and I like the way you explain and the how they are organized, especially that we complete the lab even if the time has run out.
nothing but I said thank you our instructors and TA.
Great job, keep it up:)
