Most favorite part of the semester is MIT lab tour ,Thank you for that opportunity. would love to have more of these 
It was very organised and helpful
Being able to physically code stuff
Accessibility of complex concepts. Homework design.
I enjoyed learning new things this whole semester.
I Have liked many things in the semester 1 . I have liked the knowledge that you guys gave me about quantum computers.
Overall how the course was structured made the learning experience very enjoyable. From the explanations in the lab and lectures to down to the exercise, I found everything to be extremely fun and engaging.
What I liked more about semester 1 was that I was able to learn about Quantum Mechanics and use that knowledge to understand the complexity of how a quantum computer works and operates. I have enjoyed it greatly.
i want to know solution if i am not able to attend able to attend live labs
I did liked most about code in python or real situations 
I really liked learning about building quantum circuits in IBM. I also liked learning about quantum hardware! I thought it was so cool how cold superconducting quantum computers need to be in order to reduce noise which affect the qubits from producing accurate results. Literally everything was so cool! Truly fell in love with quantum computers and just in general the quantum world. Also, the MIT lab tour was AWESOME!!! I really appreciated the tour because I dream of being to work in lab like that one day :,) 
The consistency of the assignments and the availability of materials 
Actually being able to code and see how classical and quantum bits functioned was very interactive and fun for me. 
I liked how we were able to go back and watch past recordings. 
I liked the way that the course was taught to us in an easily comprehensible manner. I also liked the challenge of the homework, as it required me to use critical thinking skills to solve problems.
I liked how it was organized, and how the material was taught. I also liked how organized the slides were during the lectures and labs. I liked how we could refer back to the lab and lecture through a recording, as it made learning easier. 
I most liked the lab where we were able to play a game simulating the quantum computer.
I appreciated the variability in the teaching modalities,  and resources. Any thing that encouraged learning outside of my two days of in class time was a cool way to keep learning going. 
the introduction and the concept content. perfectly paced. perfect depth.

lab tour was awesome.
I liked the schedule of classes a lot.

That the topics are developed in each class and laboratory session.
The lectures on Sundays are my favourite, but I'm looking forward to using qiskit properly in the next semester
The recordings for lectures and labs helped me a lot since I could go back and rewatch them if I didn't understand them the first time or couldn't attend them the day it was scheduled.
I think the lab because i love so much programming so programming whit phyton and qiskit i think was the thing that i like most
One of the things I enjoyed most about the quantum computing course was learning about the potential practical applications of quantum computers. It was fascinating to see how quantum computers could potentially solve problems that classical computers cannot, such as breaking certain types of encryption or optimizing complex systems.

Another thing I liked about the course was the structure of the lectures. The instructor did a good job of explaining difficult concepts in a way that was easy to understand, and the use of visual aids and examples helped to solidify my understanding of the material.

Overall, I found the quantum computing course to be a very interesting and rewarding experience. I enjoyed learning about the unique features of quantum computers and how they could be used to solve a wide range of problems.
The lectures are fantastic at setting an approachable and positive attitude to challenging materials. They set the pace excellently. 
I like the course structure very much. The lectures were so simple to understand. Complex topics were explained with real life examples.
One thing that I loved about the first semester of the course, was the lectures. I loved learning about things I never really knew a lot about before.
I like the overall structure of program, it covered all the basic topics which required to start journey in Quantum Computing. The lectures were very good. 
I Love the lectures and the ability to be able to rewatch the labs
I enjoyed the easy going nature of the lectures and labs, it helped boost  my confidence in my STEM skills. It was really enjoyable and helpful more engaged 
I really enjoyed the live lab sessions
It really explained the depth and structure of coding. 
Making quantum to be more understandable and practical
The matrial is a little bit easy for me.
videos and homeworks are very helpful
Lectures, labs and homwroks are always helpful for me.
I rally like the cheat sheets.
What I like most about the first semester is the provision of previous lectures and labs incase someone needs any clarification
I liked that we could explore quantum computing concepts every week during lab. 
I liked lab sessions alot because we were able to communicate well and understand alot.
That in the end participating in the course was pretty flexible and everybody engaged in the course did a really nice job!
the breadth of the course exposed me to many aspects of quantum computing
I appreciate the flow of communication, most especially the emails because they enabled me to keep up with the course schedule on days I had a very fixed schedule.

The recordings were equally very helpful for my review due to the difference in time. It was hard to attend the live sessions on Monday morning (2:30 AM), and yet I am supposed to have lecturers in early in the morning (8:00 AM).  

I hope we can have a group where we discuss some research areas, especially with the Ph.D. students. I am still trying to see how to integrate quantum computing into my thesis research. I think if we had a time set to talk with other Ph.D. students and how they are using Quantum, I would be grateful.

Thank you
Sememester 1 was very interactive and I liked the explanation of each topic. Though I think it went a little slowly.
I enjoyed the various perspectives this course has offered from computer science to quantum physics to math!
I think it was really fun just learning what quantum computing was for the first time.
My lab teacher. He was awesome.
I like that the labs are personalized with an environment to communicate questions and concerns easily in an interactive way.
I liked the teacher’s passion for quantum, I liked how the teacher always answered questions without making the person asking feel stupid, I liked the coding aspect, I liked when the teacher went on rants about extra stuff that wasn’t in the lesson plan.
Very interactive
i like the introduction of qubits, gates and superposition
I like the opportunity to particpate in the labs!
The course structure was good, and the course talked about content and discoveries that were being made at the same time as the course ran, showing how careful they are to make sure their information is up to date.
I liked the introduction to the course and the topic as a whole and it made me much more interested and invested into the topic.
I liked the resources available, especially when everything we learned came together in IBM quantum.
The access to our lab instructor, Josh, and his knowledge.
I especially loved learning about the upcoming computer fields and information that will definitely be important to my future career in Cybersecurity.
Like flow of sem 1 is really good(in terms of contents) and there are some good lab sessions as well as homework:)
The overall structure of the course and the basics that are covered for all topics.
I love the application of the gates to our quantum circuit
I like that you can do it at your own rate and when you have time even if you are encouraged to do otherwise but sometimes I am just overwhelmed with usual school and can't even think about this.
The thing that I like most about the first semester was the core structure. The ability for me to go back and watch the lectures, and really understand the material was crucial for my understanding of the class.
I like the course outline and instructions 
I really like my teacher and also how he teached. It was still complicated but he still tried to teach us. I would also like a link to the recording because I can barely find it and need my friend for the recording.
I liked the diversity. I didn't think that so many people would be in this course as well, especially from all around the globe. I liked how my instructor for lectures would answer our questions right away (or as soon as he could) and explained the answers in ways that were understandable. I liked how he kept us up to date with recent quantum news.
Helpful TAs made things a lot easier to learn
I liked learning about quantum computing and what we can do with it
I really like my TA. He was really funny, kind, but also intelligent on what he was teaching. 
I liked the integrity between instructors and students about discussing and seeking out quest for quantum mechanics as well as quantum computing.
In question 4 it asked about the difficulty of the course, on top of that, it was very tedious but in the end it was a unique and fun experience but I still feel like I don't know very much about quantum computing.
I enjoyed learning about the bloch sphere at simulating 2d space with 3d visuals. I also enjoyed the quantum key distribution material. 
Semester 1 was a good high-level introduction to the topics, and I am excited to learn about the mathematical representations of quantum states and the applications of gates. I think a mathematical perspective will help to ground the concepts we've already learned a little further.
I did like that I could work with my friends to learn more about the field.
The homeworks and the recordings of labs and lectures! Having recordings meant that if I was unsure of anything, I could easily reinforce my knowledge!
content
I would like to give him more of my time, I had problems with depression and I think also anxiety that did not help me. I am improving personally. I didn't think I'd have these kinds of problems at my age but I'll make it through.
The programming
I liked that I was able to talk with my friends about the things we had to do for the course, and some of us even got interested in learning more about python
TA courses are very helpful when being confused on some new concepts.
The lab sessions
I liked the way the course was paced and taught, it gave me a very good basic understanding of quantum physics and quantum computing.
the coding labs, where I can get to code
I liked the amount of work given. The concepts we have been learning are very interesting.
I liked the workload, I thought that it was enough to be able to learn the content but not too much.
I most liked the lab sections on the weekends to help me get through the content and learn more about quantum computing. 
What I liked most about semester 1 of the course was the coding in the labs as it strengthened my knowledge of Python.
Learning new things about quantum computing 
My lab group TA was really fun to ask questions to. Made the course fun.
the cyptography lessons.
The lectures are awesome. Sometimes it's confusing but that's the beauty of it. Hope to explore more.
I really liked having the lecture summary sheets for days where I didnt have time to catch up.
I really enjoyed the coding aspect of semester 1.
I liked the content a lot as I really enjoy coding.
I enjoyed the labs and working with Qiskit.
It was nice seeing all the other students of different countries coming all together with a same interests and the course itself is very nice and interesting!
I really liked how we started with python coding, something a little simple and then we progressed to something more complicated.
My favorite aspect of semester 1 of the course was the pace. It wasn’t too fast paced, but it also wasn’t too slow. The program is very flexible, which is perfect for me, considering my hectic schedule. There were days where I wasn’t able to attend the lab of lecture live due to extenuating circumstances, so the recordings were very helpful. I learned a lot and hope to continue expanding my knowledge in 
I really loved the teaching and content. TAs provided enough resources and external links that I could go and refer to. Recordings helped me revisit and revise for the upcoming labs and lectures.
I liked the flexibility provided by having recordings of everything such that if I needed to refer back to information it was easy to find it
I like the pace and the general flow of the lessons.
Everything!!!! 

The course structure was well designed and the support from everyone is highly respectable.
The very thorough "dissection" of the concept to their foundational aspects. And even though it sometimes felt redundant, as it was sometimes too slow and descriptive for me, I would absolutely not leave it out as it makes for a really good basis on which I can confidently learn about the subject.
This semester, I have learnt new things about objects that are not visible to the human eye however still form an integral part of our world_the quantum particles. Their unpredictability, superpositioning and tunneling capacities are most fascinating to me.
I found the content to be very interesting, the lab to be helpful, and I enjoyed when we played a game of kahoot.
I liked the difficulty and the material of Semester 1, especially learning about new quantum computing mechanics and other topics that I felt were really interesting.
The Qiskit homework notebooks. It's always so cool to play around with the qubits on IBM. The network is slow and the server labs sometimes do not open, but when they do, it's a fun experience.
i really liked how the course reinforced the material 
I am learning a lot of new things in semester 1 of the course, a lot of which I do not understand but I am very happy that I am learning a lot.
I could learn a lot about Quantum Computing, which was really good
Things that I have learned in semester 1 was not new for me except for last few weeks lectures. Because of it I kind of felt that the course was running slow. But for absolute beginner, I think this course is absolute gold. 

What I liked most about this semester is that while other course on Quantum Computing would be just lecture and few labs, this one was making me more excited about the course by referencing to the current news and fresh perspectives. 

I liked the fact that it included people from around the world and created a global community for future quantum leaders. I liked how engaging people were , despite me being passive.  As second semester hold new and exciting things, I hope to contribute in the community, engage and grow. I hope to connect with TAs and Mentors to thank them personally as well.

 
The pedagogical style was fantastic. The materials that are used are so much helpful and good. The instructors were able to make us understand the concept very easily. This is really a wonderful course I have attended. I am very much thankful that I got extension to complete my pending assignments. I wanted to complete but time constraints and personal issues were preventing me. Thanks to the team, I got extension and I am grateful for that. Thanks 
The lectures were taught very in depth and very creatively. I understood everything perfectly and very easily. I loved the teaching method and the lovely instructors. All my doubts and questions were solved and thoroughly explained. The emails and reminders from Gabbie were extremely helpful and I am grateful for all the support from Qubit x Qubit regarding lab timings and late assignments. 
The detail and interest of Instructors in making students go in depth and learn as much as possible was the best part.
It puts you out of your comfort zone! Whether with its content, structure or homework. I like how it challenges me, which makes me adapt and grow!
I loved the fact that you could rewatch recordings of lab sessions so that if you needed help or wanted to get up to speed with something, then that was there to help you always.
What I liked most about this semester was the lab sections were we got to practice what we learnt in class.
how simple the approach was
It really helped me improve my coding skills and introduced me into the world of Quantum, which I found to be fascinating.
having different instructors and also reviewing the previous knowledge of the same topic by the succeeded instructor/assistant
The content was intriguing, I've always wanted to learn more about entanglement and superposition.
I liked the live courses they were super fun and I learned a lot
I liked the lectures and guest speakers.
I like how I get reminders 
i like the simplicity of the explanations and also that we can rewatch any time 
I thought semester one was both interesting and simple. I really enjoyed the labs, especially when we got to build quantum circuits, and I also enjoyed the session where we used the flytrap. This course piqued my interest in technology and sharpened my problem-solving abilities.
I enjoyed the lab sessions.
Everything was new and very exciting for me
The social event in NYC was great since I could converse with others about quantum, this was previously very difficult since I did not know any people who is interested in quantum nearby.
I enjoyed the labs a lot, since it was a fun way to get together in a smaller group and talk while learning.
The content
I liked that the lectures and labs were recorded and available for later reference. It was also great that the content was structured to be taught from general to specific.
Most of all, I enjoyed learning new things about quantum computing and Qiskit library, which is a new dimension in the field of coding that I was previously interested in.
I liked the resources that came with being a qubit student.
The ability to ask questions and get help 
The homework usually involved the work done during lab sessions, so one could get help during lab.
I enjoyed being able to do hands on work in the labs and homework.
I really liked the lab sessions because of the hands-on work we could do. I could ask questions as well, so that helped a lot. 
The Discord server was pretty neat.
I found the timings to attending tutor difficult due to time zones therefore leaving me to either attend tutors late in the evening or early in a weekend. However,  I did enjoy the progression from beginning to the end in difficulty.
I liked that you could choose what time you wanted the lab to be and how you could find videos of the labs.
The lessons about gates.
The live lab sessions are really interesting and educative.

 
What I loved the mist was the refreshingly accessible take on quantum computing. I found the lectures and labs always fun, bringing out how inspiring quantum computing is, while at the same time always leaving one excited with what one has accomplished at the end of a lab, even if the content remained introductory. I walked away from each session feeling I was one of the few in the world who had gained another chink of quantum power! This was a very refreshing turn from the very sparse books I have found on quantum computing, which are always a complete dirge of technical waffle and matrix rules, with little on the context of the importance and revolution of quantum computing, what it actually is and what it has and promises to yield.
The staff was incredibly friendly, always willing to help out and making sure we get the best out of the course. This being an online course, I was a bit worried about how much I will be able to learn. But the lab sessions and the informal nature of interaction with the TA including fun things about QC, interesting articles, news items and about classmates as well helped create a very good learning atmosphere!

 

The guest lecture of touring the MIT QC lab was also very exciting!
The fact that the quantum world is different from the classical world makes the course interest me.
I liked the way the course was structured and the workload of each week.
I liked how the timings could be flexible for those who were unable to join the live sessions 
I loved the labs and the non-copy paste structure but fun, interactive learning styld
I liked the free-end discussions/questions being answered during live lectures and lab sessions. I liked how the mentors went in depth when there was a question asked. 
I like how much resources are available to the students. This made a working student like me able to cope up with the lessons. I am very grateful also for giving me extension. It's big help.
I really liked the meetings with the guests and being able to see quantum from a perspective of a scientist.
I like the way lecturer took us from basics.
I loved the course, the course instructors, the course material, the course surveys, and even the course assignments. I liked how everything was thought from the basics, and even the silliest questions were answered. All the course instructors were so actively involved. It really made me more interested in quantum computing and I am eagerly waiting for next semester.

The lab hours were nothing like traditional boring labs, instead, they were so much fun and informative. I remember songs played in the background sometimes(this really set a calm environment rather than an anxious environment ), there were such fun activities conducted and the instructors were so keen on solving everyone's doubts. They used to give us time if we needed it to solve problems. I loved how the instructors took interest in teaching and didn't do it just for the sake of teaching.

And the quizzes and assignments were so on point. Neither too easy nor too difficult, just the right difficulty to cover all necessary concepts.
I like the lecture presentation and how topics were taught. The Assignments were very helpful to me, as I was able to put to use what I have learnt so far.
in the start if the semester it was very interesting and everything was going well. but along the line, instructors started rushing over some concepts, at least that is how i felt, then i became lost and unable to catch up at all with everything. but I liked that the instructors are very interactive with the steudents
The thing I liked the most about semester 1 of this course was that it was very good at teaching me. There were many different resources available to help me understand anything I did not understand better, and is taught by professionals who are very good at explaining the subject.
I think that the split between the sort of theory being what you learn in the lectures versus actually doing stuff in the lab is pretty good design. Also, I think that the constant reviewing helped make it actually possible to learn and remember the things that got talked about. 
Live lab sessions
Handson Training
The course structure made to understand the basics of quantum computing with ease.
The lecture content and assignments. 
i really like how the program was organized from having the recordings of labs and lectures to continuous emails that we used to get from the program 
I'd like the most the STEM content of the course because learning about that was an huge improvement for my knowledge and creativity. 
I liked everything regarding it, from the course content to the TA.
The physics part!!!
For the past semester I love the fact that we were given the opportunity to have the assignment done at convenient time of our own, also the way the lab note book were structured is a very good one for a beginner like me
I liked how the lectures looked into all aspects of quantum computers and quantum computing, addressing hardware, algorithms, history, and even cryptography.
What I liked most was the pace we were taken through the new information as most of the info was foreign to me. The patience and simplicity to which the content was presented was phenomenal and I really appreciate it. Thank you IBM
to be honest, IBM lab tour. It was super amazing
Lab sessions and inside MIT lab tour
labs and lectures 
It was challenging and allowed me to further strengthen my programming skills though the use of advanced quantum teachings.
The aspect that I liked the most was connecting with new people with new interests, and also learning new English words regarding the STEM field, such as mathematical terms.
The course content was very interesting as it introduces a simple yet insightful background with a breath suitable especially for high school students.
The basis of QC
Everything
Overall, it was a well-structured course on quantum computing and provided a solid foundation in the principles and applications of this rapidly emerging field, and it was organized very well as it was engaging and interactive for us as students.

 
Having labs that explanied all the work.
The labs helped a lot
I liked the structure of the course. The people knew the material and knew how to explain it. I felt like I was able to interact in the zoom meetings when I had to.  
The sympathy and effort of the the staff and teachers.
That I've started to use python to code quantum code.
I loved the pacing of the Program, as I felt it was just right to understand things from basics and I also loved the support of the Team and I am super grateful for that.
I've known about much of the conceptual aspects of this course, but this is the first time I've been able to understand the more rigorous part of the field of quantum computation and the actual behaviors of qbits. Thank you so very much for this opportunity. 
I really loved learning how to program the quantum circuits and me getting to the more advanced uses of the circuits.
I liked the way the class is organized. It is easy to access.
The structure of course was awesome, it's one of the best course I have ever taken.
I like the content of the course and our lovely teachers, they are so kind and willing to teach us properly.
In semester one I liked the lectures. I enjoyed how they covered a lot of information.
It was an overall really good and easy semester and it really has increased my interest in quantum computing a lot. Now, I am trying to learn on my on and of course looking forward to learn with the course. In addition, I will really be glad to get to work on some real projects on it. 
The way how course team wanted to build a community of students among us so that we reap the benefits of peer learning. Also, the homework review session was really useful and also i loved the lab tours that were conducted.
I really liked how the content was presented.  The lectures were very good and went over a lot of material at a time.  After those, the lab really helped me understand more of the applications of the material, and the homework was a nice practice.  Overall, I thought the format was well thought out and helpful.
I like the pacing.
I liked that the labs were really down to the point and I felt I learned exactly what I needed to in a short amount of time. I also enjoyed the lectures.
Learning different types of qubits.
The labs were the best!
It was pretty unusual, interesting and academic. I loved the topics of the first semester and I am so pumped and excited to see the second semester through!
In the first semester topics was covered in a very begginer friendly which helped me to develop a goood understanding of the concepts.Students being able to view lecture and lab content after all trougoht the course is very beneficial for learning.Our lecturers and t.a's are good at explaining hard concepts
I really appreciate your effort and support throughout the course. Previously, I only knew that quantum computers exist, but now I know how it is fundamentally different from classical computers. I also know the scope of this amazing field and looking forward to exploring it as much as I can.
Live lab sessions
Being honest, I enjoyed the lab sections the most. Though they were quite late, talking with AJ and the other students taking the section was the most fun and exciting part of the course!
Everything was good.
Online system
I liked that we had the opportunity to learn with people from other countries. I also enjoyed the live lectures, it's more inclusive than recorded videos. 
The fact that th course structure was very flexible
I learned a lot about quantum computing. I started with the knowledge of what a qubit is and nothing more. Now, I know what quantum gates are, how they are used, quantum circuits, and algorithms, and I also got to brush up on some of my python basics through Qiskit.
The interactive lab sections were fun and I got to understand things I missed in lectures more briefly in the lab sections.
great teachers
I loved the fact that I could rewatch lectures and labs at my own time.And labs were very interactive.I loved the MIT tour.This course has created an enigma of interest for IT in me.Overall, it was an amazing experience.I am looking forward to semester two.
The paradigm shift from classical problem solving to quantum problem solving. The lab sessions were very enjoyable.
I liked the course structure and how much flexibility we had and being able to re watch stuff and ask question live was very helpful even through I did struggle a lot with homework. 
Everything was great.
I enjoyed the material and the lectures the most. I found the content fascinating and explained very well. 
The content!
Definitively, the content, i love it
The lab tour, and meeting actual scientists that work there was amazing.
I enjoyed the Homework activities, as they actually put into perspective how to use the skills we were learning over the course of the semester. We were able to know how to use things we learned, and they became relevant to us.
Everything about the first semester is very important to me.
interesting content
The content! The stuff we covered was very cool ( +1 on engagement) and informative in a way that taught us in bite-sized chunks. 
I highly enjoyed doing the homework notebooks, as well as the homework quizzes because it made me reflect on what I was doing, instead of just doing the code during the lab session. 
I like the structure of the course. I really got to feel like I was attending university.
The will lecturers showed to share their knowledge

 
I liked the lab lectures a lot. I found them engaging and learned a lot of new things.
Absolutely, it was amazing and I like lab and lecture recording cause they helped me a lot as I was sometimes busy and couldn't attend the lectures and labs live. In Addition, the homework review session is very helpful abd enjoyable session because the presented explain in details the answers of each question and a lot of information related to the questions. 
I really enjoyed the lectures and the fact that they were live.
Lab sessions were amazing. Instructors are really helpful. 
What I enjoyed most was getting to use my prior skills with python to code quantum circuits using Jupyter.
the labs were well structured, the learning structure was rlly good, and easy to handle
MIT lab tour, getting to code, learning the theoretical side and seeing a bit of the math. 
Explained very clearly and detailed!
The labs and the homework!
I liked learning a lot about physical basis of quantum computing. 
Loved how easy it was to understand; lectures were easy to understand and well executed.
I liked meeting in our lab groups as well as being able to rewatch lectures/labs to do the homework with a greater degree of flexibility than in my school.
It was a great experience that has opened up my way of thinking. Being a part of the beginning of something massive like quantum computing is very exciting. Going through the whole quantum stack has been very interesting especially the coding, which I would like to master. Generally the TAs have been very resourceful and helpful
I like how the games were introduced at the end of the semester I also love the fact that we are able to play black lectures in order to review them, I have to say our teacher and T.As have been really helpful how they carry everyone along when teaching.
I loved my labs, it was nice to get to know people and connect, and not just be focused on doing the work.
Allowing credit for late/missing work
it is good for basics
The powerpoint formatting and use of images and diagrams
Everything was wonderful!
the learning process
I really liked the course structure and organization , really made me more interested towards quantum
Everything from the content to the speakers and TAs
The way the course is planned and executed. Content was good. Looking to see some interesting stuff next year. 
the content itself kept blowing me away with how much we can understand about objects that cannot be directly observed 
Being new to quantum computing, it was pretty much AWESOMER than I ever anticipated. Diving back to physics did bring back some nostalgic memories. Also considering the quantum computing to be the future of computing and dedicating and contributing to it feels blessed. Also, being a working individual I was not able to watch the sessions on time so the recordings helped a lot and so did the extended deadlines. Really greatfull for those! Thank you!
What I liked the most about semester 1 of the course is that I learned a lot about quantum computing.
it was very accommodating for beginners
The thing I liked most is the labs, where we got an intro to how programming in quantum environment looks like. Getting to know about the resources like the Qiskit lab and book was also good.
The modules listed on the canvas app and the quick responses from the qxq team via emails

 
It was easy to understand the flow of discussion.
I really loved the homework reviews!! It allows me to make sure that I've understood the homeworks and has given me the opportunity to correct my mistakes.
Yes, I did like almost evey thing this corse coved.
The Live lab sessions which gave me hands on experience to quantum computing and being able to implement whatever I learnt in the theory lectures were the best part of the entire semester.
the real-time question and answer during lab sessions
The fascinating field of quantum physics overall has overall kindled my interests for a career in the field of STEM. Learning a new skill of how to program and how to apply it to Qiskit was my favorite part.
I enjoyed the approachable way it was taught. I was quite nervous when I first enrolled, but I have been able to handle all the work I've been given, and I can't wait to apply it next semester.
some in love with how the course is been organized 
Getting to know more about quantum mechanics, and understanding the basic concepts such as "spooky action at a distance", which increases the curiosity I had, please do recommend books to read more about quantum mechanics. 
What I liked most about the course was the fact that this course focused more on learning. I thought Quantum Computing was going to be hard to pick up, but I actually found it to be easy-going and inspiring. I definitely learned alot from the course and feel confident in the subject. The resources of rewatching and homework was a great way to reinforce my learning and guide me through the tasks for understanding.
I appreciated that we would have lecture in the beginning of the week, a lab in the middle of the week, and homework due at the end of the week which means that there is opportunity to practice the skills we learned three times.
I really liked how the lab assistants and lecturer were always willing to answer any questions, even if they were beyond the scope of the what was being taught.
Being able to use qiskit, because I think it's very fun and interesting.
I enjoyed this course because I significantly increased my knowledge of quantum computing, and particularly of quantum mechanics and coding, which I had no previous experience in. 
The lab session was the source of motivation because at first i was thinking are all these possible but at end i got to clear my confusion
the concept itself and the slides that was designed to make it so easy to understand and the summery cheat everything was perfect cause I thought that I'll not be able to understand that's why I only applied for 1 semester but now i want to enroll in the sec 2 as well so thank you for making this course easy and understandable.thank
The lab sessions were interactive, especially without our TA.
The mit lab tour
Aside from the course and course material available, I loved the MIT lab tour 
The TAs
Being able to redo assignments and look over my original answers.
The first semester how been very great, the speed at which lectures was taken, very excellent.
The lectures introduced me to something I have only heard about and the guest lectures showed what is happening in this field in a more comprehensive manner which I liked a lot.
The jeopardy game
Being able to watch recordings of labs/lectures.
The lectures!
The best thing about semester 1 was our TA. He knows his stuff and is obviously very dedicated to teaching the subject and quite clever in his explanations
I loved absolutely everything from this course especially the content and how it was delivered to me as a student during a pandemic.
Content was well structured and well taught
This course is very helpful in learning QUANTUM COMPUTING. I rarely attended live sessions due to some work in university but I started to watch the recordings now I realize that this course is awesome. Course contents are great. I started learning from basic and now I have confidence and knowledge of QUANTUM COMPUTING. This course developed much interest in QUANTUM COMPUTING.
The way I can rewatch lectures whenever I'm free. The homeworks helped me understand the topics.
I really liked the way the course goes it's well structured and more useful than I thought 
I liked how we got into coding with qubits.
I liked the way it was challenging but that I could still follow on with what was happening.
The way the teachers take out time to explain every little detail is amazing 
I liked the labs
The lab explanation and theory explanation was good .
I Liked most in the first semister session is the live.
All lectures and live session are very helpful.
I enjoyed the lab sessions the most, because the instructors were very interactive and friendly. That helped me a lot to continuously have the passion for the courses. 
The way the course was set up.
The lab live sessions were helpful
The Lab sessions
I like that we learned about quantum computers 
How the course was structured because the content was easy to understand.
I enjoyed my lab and I also liked learning more about quantum computing and physics.
My lab TA
I liked learning all of the new concepts.
Labs and resources provided.
lab session were quite good and interacting plus I was able to workout problems at same time as the pace was perfect
I love the lectures very much, the assignments, and the method of evaluation and explanation. I find it unique and different, so I thank God that I was part of this course.
How a complex topic was explained in very simple terms and very well organized. 
flexibility to access resources at my own pace. 
There was an immediate practical application of  what we have learnt in class
The overall content of the course, and the way the course worked. I really liked how the lectures and labs were recorded and how I could access them easily.
I liked very much all the lessons and it was very educative
Being able to watch the recorded lectures and labs at my own pace. This was very helpful for me personally.
I like the most lab live sessions. I also love lectures. In geneeral I love STEM. since my background is computer Engineering(BSC), I love most computing part. 

 

 
Brillant!
The course was structured properly to learn the basics with ease
interactive labs
Semester one was very amazing because i learnt a lot and i thank God that i was able to meet new friends.  
The coding.
Live lab sessions, content and amazing TA.
cheat sheets as they are a good summary if i miss a lecture
I liked how the course was structured, with each week being split into a lecture and a lab. I also liked the special events, such as the TA panel and the MIT lab tour.
I like how the course connects more abstract concepts in quantum computing with real-life examples.
Fantastic work by the Team, TAs, Lecturers. Looking forward to covering more advanced topics in semester 2
The course structure and the tutors 
Loved the structure of the course, really felt like I have strengthened my Qiskit skills. 
I really liked the instructors, both lecture and lab. The course structure was really digestible, and I'd say I learned better this way.
The lectures were pretty interesting and our TA was very kind.
The thing I liked most about semester 1 was learning about QKD. I just found the idea to be really cool, and how it uses superposition to sort of "track" the prescence of outside observers was very interesting.
How the teachers are so open and my questions always get answered quickly. I also loved how interesting some of the concepts were, like the randomness and the ability    to go through walls
I really enjoyed all the new learning with this new computing technology. I also grasp a great deal of knowledge and met great people.
I would say what I liked the most was that I learned a lot. Some quantum computing knowledge even improved my understanding of other subjects like classical computing: When I first learned public/private key distribution I didn't really understand it, but Quantum key distribution, though only vaguely related, has improved my understanding of it.
I liked how the difficult concepts are explained in a simple manner.
The first semester for me personally it has been tough, however, I am glad I have managed to learn about quantum computing
I liked the course content. I never realized that quantum computing is so connected to the areas of physics and machine learning that I am interested in. 
The thing I loved the most about this course was that it started of with minimum prerequisites and the curriculum was designed so as to build a strong theoretical base and further develop understanding onto that base.
Convenient that we can watch the lectures at our own leisure and do not need to attend live
I liked the lectures the most.
Good course
The lectures were interesting and fairly engaging, and the teachers and assistants did a great job of teaching us. 
I liked the fact that we got to physically implement our learning in the form of code.
I enjoyed the pacing of the labs, the repetition in the homework to solidify my understanding of concepts.
I liked the topics we talked about and also the difficult ones, and I spent some time working on it
i liked the live labs the most
I liked how the instructors presented the content in a fun and engaging way.
The Syllabus was accurate for my knowledge
Probably the content. 
The ways in which the foundations of quantum mechanics are applied to quantum computing.
I liked the accessibility of the information outside of the labs and lectures. They proved extremely useful to review the material and learn efficiently.
The Quantum Computing course is a very well structured program. The entire Qubit by Qubit team is very supportive and the lectures are simply top of the class, highly informative and engaging.  I enjoyed attending the labs. The labs were helpful in revising what has been taught and making myself familiar with the Qiskit platform.

I enjoyed the virtual MIT Lab tour that was given to us. Very informative. Finally got a good understanding about the exciting stuff being researched in such a awesome lab.
I like the introduction of many unique concepts and ideas, and it got me interested into thinking in a different perspective. The counter-intuitive material was a nice challenge to understand.
the lectures
The topics that were presented served as a good foundation to the subject.
I like the structure of being able to watch recordings when I have time and being able to do the homework whenever I want to.
Access to IBM Quantum
I like how the lab is conducted and the curriculum is taught.
I liked the person leading my lab (Lab 32, Thomas) quite a lot. He was very intelligent and patient, and had fun teaching the course. 
What I like about semester 1 of this course is that, we could rewatch the labs just in case we missed out of something.
I enjoyed that it went at a relaxed pace with plenty of time to review.
I really enjoyed simply learning more about quantum in general, its an extremely interesting topic to me, and I'm very lucky to have the opportunity to learn about it.
I loved learning about the new concepts of Quantum Computing, which I really enjoyed. I also developed a new passion for quantum computing during the first semester of the course. 
The overall structure of the course was progressively challenging and made the learning experience much more enjoyable.
I really liked the live lab sessions where you could ask questions more freely and it was more interactive compared to the lectures
The course was structured in an easy to understand way, and plenty of time was given to finish assignments.
Everything’s interactive, from lab to lecture. You take the time to stop and poll/quiz the students to make sure we’re following along.
Fun activities, such as the meet up in new york. 
I enjoyed all of the lectures and labs. I really liked having homework review sessions and recordings. I like how this course is really all including, with the guest lectures, labs, I like how it's not just a course with lectures.
The content of the course
I mostly liked learning about superstition and the recordings that were posted to review.
I liked the Jupyter notebooks since they were easy to follow.
The labs/ Homeworks are always very relevant and they build upon the previous weeks perfectly. Having completed the assignments, not only do I feel pretty comfortable with the quantum computing we've done this far, but my coding skills in general have measurably improved. I was able to complete a Hackathon project when I never otherwise would have. Ricky was really phenomenal. He was always so upbeat, answered all of our questions, and made the information easily digestible. 
I liked the amount of material i was able to learn in a short time period. 
I enjoyed the lab sessions! My lab leader was passionate about quantum, I learnt while we worked, and I had questions that I never even knew I had answered. The community was great, too, both in-lab and outside. In the lab, we'd ask questions and henceforth get to know both the material and each other a bit better. Outside of the lab, it amazed me how passionate some students were about quantum, as exemplified by the discord. 
I liked having easy accessMa to all the material so I could use it when in doubt 
Quantun computing is measured in qubits
Learning new uses for python
Content is great!

 
I really liked it
In Semester 1, I think I like the materials, especially when we are learning about how to create entanglement in Quantum Computer. In college, usually we learn entanglement only in theory, but in this course, I learn how to create in, using Qiskit in a real Quantum Computer.
I really enjoyed learning about the concepts of quantum computation. It was a great introduction and I am excited to use knowledge from the first semester in continuing onto the second semester. 
I think the slides and lecture every week were very well crafted and engaging.
I really enjoyed the lectures which were faster paced than the labs with interesting information and would enjoy more content filled lectures.
Lab homework (qiskit)
I am a person who loves to learn new things. This course was a perfect opportunity to expand my knowledge in subjects I don't usually use or see. I like attending the labs and learning the course material. Although I did struggle on the homework, I still enjoyed it.
I like how me actually learned how to directly do quantum computing near the end. It was my first ever time doing it and was a unique experience.
The new lab instructor was much better than the original instructor who was difficult to understand and did not know the material as well.  I like that we had the class and laboratory.

The notes were very useful.
The homework is always really interesting and I love learning new things about programming. 
teachers know what they're doing
I really enjoyed my lab group and the lab lessons we had. Everyone was very collaborative and nice. It creates a fun learning environment where you feel comfortable sharing your thoughts and what you think might be the right answer to a question.
I love the coding aspect -- it feels very interactive
I liked how both lectures and labs, we were able to look at a recording because sometimes my connection didn't work that well, so I would miss some information. Recordings were really helpful in ensuring I was on track.
i really like teaching by slides with visual/animation and that helps a lot for understanding the concept
I liked the ability to create my first quantum circuit, although very basic, but a big step in the right direction!
I liked a lot lab sessions cause i was able to talk the language which i was improving and ask directly the things i do not completely understand. Seeing the lab environment and the hardwares, machines were very exiting for me. It increased the desire i have for the quantum computing. I had the chance to improve my skills at python coding.
* Apply what we learn in lab

* The way this course repeated core information until it become easy to comprehend

* Interact with our questions during the lab

* HW & Lab HW
How the classes were only around 30 kids, so asking questions was way easier because the chat wasn’t used as much
I liked learning about the different quantum computers and I really really liked the MIT lab tour.
I liked the labs as my lab group was fun to be in a call with
I liked the homework and the practical problems we had to solve in class. 
I loved attending my labs and going through some example questions of a topic together as I found those really helpful for my learning.
The digestable pace of the course and learning about difficult Feild like quantum computing in simple way and flexibility of the program staff
I enjoyed learning about the practical applications of quantum computing!
I liked the pacing of the course, it really helped in breaking in all the info,
I enjoyed learning about a relatively new field in STEM. It increased my understanding of physics, and I learned a lot in a fun, interactive manner.
The labs
The part I liked the most about semester 1 was the lab section. I thought it was the best time to ask questions and learn.
About this course, I really liked that it started from the fundamentals. I've taken a lot of courses where they assumed that everyone knew certain concepts, but here, they took it slowly. I really liked that.
well structured. rapid feedback. only slightly confusing LMS. very flexible shifting to asynchronous lab
I liked the discussion of real-world applications.
I loved the teachers. My lab teacher was so patient in explaining things, and so nice and fun to be on a call with.
I liked the recorded lectures by our instructors. I loved the way they taught us concepts and also the PowerPoint presentation too was very catchy and informative at the same time. 
I  liked the homework, and the accountability aspect. 
I liked the organization of the schedule and the flexibility to choose course times. I also liked the labs and the homework. 
I kind of liked how we were able to do hands-on activities by ourselves. 
I liked that we learned and had real activities with quantum computing instead of just learning them from slideshows. As a visual learner, it was a nice experience to be able to do visual activities with quantum computing. I also appreciated that the course was so lenient on the homework and quizzes, as school had been difficult at times. 
I liked how I was able to learn about the general knowledge of quantum computing, and at what state the field is in currently.
Something I like most about the semester 1 of this course is how we learn both the conceptual concepts and the way those concepts work in detail. I like the structure of the course with both the lecture and the lab offering a various amount of information on the topics of the week.
Number of suggestions, which softwares we can use for quantum computign simulations and also homeworks and lab sessions which giv ea nice explenation of key concepts and I was able to try it on my own.
I think that the material is presented in a very digestible way. Even though it maybe isn't as intensive as I was hoping for, I recognize that it's a beginner course, and especially because I am taking it on top of a full college schedule, it slots in very well.
Quantum Key Distribution lab.
Just the overall learning existence 
I really liked the lectures in zoom because it help me to know many things and to motivade me to learn more about the course; and I really liked the help of the teachers and assistants to solve my problems.
What I liked the most from this course was learning how we can apply quantum computing methods to simulate quantum mechanical systems. Seeing ideas such as quantum measurement, superposition, entanglement and the Mach-Zender interferometer being simulated using python and other computing methods makes me curious to learn more about what else in quantum theory can also be simulated on such systems and how we can use computers and programming to further our knowledge of physics.
My teaching assistant.
The online Lab sessions.
I like the organization of the course.
I like the homework and lab sessions the most that they are very helpful to me to enhance my understanding in quantum computing.
I liked the content; Quantum topics are very interesting. 
I've really loved everything that I've learned so far in the course, and I'm excited for the 2nd semester. I liked that the pace of the course wasn't too much that it was overwhelming, but it  enough to keep me engaged.
The content
The general quality of lectures was excellent and I learnt a lot!
What I liked most about the first semester was how we got to learn about the different aspects of quantum computing and then reinforce that new knowledge by trying it our selves. 
I really enjoyed the "geometric" approach. This is the very first course/resource from all the ones that claim that "there are no prerequisites" which hold its promises!
the lectures were the best and very wekk explained. Furthermore, i appreciated the short reviews before each one. The powerpoints made taking notes very easy and the hws were good consolidation.
Everything
I liked the applications in the lab section the best, since I could experiment and play around with stuff. Generally, that helps me learn better. I also like the Q&A sections of the lectures with Amir, since he tended to give super in depth answers that were super interesting to me.
Every week after the lectures are completed I need someone to explain them to me and the lab session was the best. It helped me to understand the lectures at a high level. The course structure is amazing. It gives me step-by-step guidance in the field of quantum physics.
The interactivity of lab sessions and the topics introduced in each lecture.
I like the different topics that were covered.
The most important part was when we started to study in depth about Quantum Circuits. It really made me excited.
It was fun to learn about something new and interesting 

 
I really enjoyed the labs and how interactive they were. 
The IBM Quantum notebooks  were really helpful and I enjoyed solving them, especially because it helps you to understand the topic from another point of view.
The theory 
I liked how the homework was directly related to the labs and lectures. I also enjoyed how we learned things in order of complexity.
I'm a STEM educator (university, high school, middle school) and am participating in the this course to see if I can incorporate quantum computing in my own course material.
I already know Python and am familiar with Qiskit, so I was most interested in learning from the instructors.

I was impressed by the careful, incremental learning approach to quantum computing.
Really enjoyed the hands on lab exercises and the lab sessions were very helpful for any topics I didn’t fully understand
Getting to know my TA.
The content in lecture and the sequence that the lectures go through
I believe the structure of this course is very solid and I love the excitement the teachers get about teaching us about this topic.
I liked the labs and the lab assignments on the IBM platform
I loved the Sunday lectures and the jupyter notebooks homework since they were the most helpful and I learned the most through them.
I quite enjoyed how the concepts were presented - every Sunday lecture was organized and informative, yet easy to follow, despite the difficult subject at hand.
The course structure and the lectures.
the content was very interesting and organized
I enjoyed the MIT lab tour. Seeing the actual lab and getting to know the conditions there inspired me a lot.
I really enjoyed the hands on learning and actually attempting to build quantum circuts.
I liked that there were resources for those who fell behind in the course.
The semester 1 course was complete introductory starting with quantum physics.
It resulted into a very smooth learning curve.
I liked how the course was taught at just the right pace. I learn things at a slower pace than other students and I thought this course might be too challenging for me but not only am I interested in pursuing a career in STEM, quantum computing actually made sense for someone like me.
For semester 1 of the course, I liked the content of the course the most. Quantum mechanics and quantum computing are very new to me, so it was very interesting learning about these topics.
Constantly learning new things, it was really interesting
Sincerity and kindness of the instructors overall.
I liked the MIT experience and the guest speakers.
This was the first time I was introduced to the domain of quantum computing. At the very first class I was ascertain that I have choosen the right platform to learn it. The classes were very systematically arranged and the tutors tought it very well.

Thank you to Qubut again
I love the homework challenges.
I liked a lot that the lectures were flexible and even can rewatch them.  Also, the structure of the lectures are well organized  
I loved, the most, learning about Quantum Computing and having guest speakers and opportunities to view actual quantum computers. 
Course structure is well-organised. It is really easy for me to follow the course thanks to the well-organised materials and schedule of the course.
actually, i enjoyed with semester one
I really liked how I could slowly build on my concepts and gained a sense of belonging in STEM.
I liked when they visited the ibm lab and also when we learned how to use quiskits.
Learning a bit about quantum computing 
Content and teachers 
It’s all about quantum computing 
I liked the way the content was explained in a simple manner, all the teacher assistants in labs were very helpful and always ready to help students 
The application of the three quantum properties; Entanglement, interference , and superposition.  
The content was interesting
I liked the structure of the system, but mostly the hw, even though I was very busy with IB school, I still tried to put as much energy into the hw which gave good insight on the lectures. 
I like the quantum physics and the recordings of lectures and labs
my lab teacher 
My favorite resource/course structure of semester 1 was the live lab sessions. Being able to ask and communicate with the TA while learning was incredibly helpful. 
I like the course designing or the curriculum syllabus.
I liked learning about the basics of quantum computing.
I liked the fun labs that got difficult information across in an engaging way.
The most I would be live lectures and also the lab tour.
I liked the Mit lab tour. It was the most unique experience compare to other classes.
I liked that it was not too challenging but that we did end up doing quantum stuff which was fun.
I really enjoyed lectures and also liked the fact that there were lecture and homework reviews.

 
I already know python, so the physics-aspect of the course was what really interested me. I love learning about quantum physics, specifically. Especially how one can utilize quantum properties for real-world applications such as QKD.
The best parts we surely guest lectures all the quest gave a great insight about the world of quantum computing.
I just enjoyed being able to learn about quantum computing and the basics of how everything works 
How well explained everything was and how interesting the topic as a whole is. Loved it, thank you so much!
The lab sessions.
I like how it was well organized and the quality of course is very high
I loved the content of the course and how it eased us into quantum computing.
I wish this course was explained better on the website. As someone who already knows Python, I was very unengaged during the first few weeks.
I liked how there was no required prerequisite for the course. Everything was taught at a slow pace. Teaching assistants were very helpful.
I just liked the welcoming vibe across the course. 
The thing i liked the most was the labs in which we got to practice programing 
I liked that even if I didn't know that much about quantum computing, I was still able to keep up and understand the material very well. This course is the perfect way for me to explore whether I want to involve myself in quantum computing, in addition to artificial intelligence.
Everything
I consider that this course was fantastic because we had the oppotunity to know about the quantum computing and apply these knowlegde in differents proves to reforce the topic.

Also, I liked that I could programme and it complemented the course to understand all concepts.

Finally, I want to say thanks because opportunities like this are few
To learn about bloch sphere 
I really liked the way the course is presented . Each week a lecture and related programming assignment and in addiction lab assignment too!  And given enough time to complete everything. 
Course curriculum is well structured for all the students despite of their educational qualification 
About the lecture! Awesome! 
I liked the subject 
I like how it started from classical coding then moved to the differences of classical computers and quantum computing. Also it was pretty fun to learn not just how to code but also teh structure of quantum computers.
I liked the MIT lab tour and getting to learn about the hardware that makes quantum computing possible 
I liked the coding part of quantum computing.
I think that the entire staff and faculty did a really good job and were able to keep my morale up for the entire semester, thank you all for you hard work!
What I liked the most about semester 1 of the course was the concept of learning the ket form of the gates and seeing the different mathematical equations used in quantum computing. 
I really don't know what to start with, I think I liked everything. 
Every bit of the course have been instructive. I appreciate the fact that I am able to have access to the recordings of lab and lecture to catch up on areas I'm lacking.
everything
The quantum games and labs especially, and that the TA took great interest in our wellbeing and made sure that we understood 
The guest lectures and the office hours
The content was interesting.
I liked the lab hours. They were the most interactive part of the semester.
The lecture content is very easy to approach and started from fundamentals, which made the introduction to quantum computing easier to understand.
The whole semester was amazing and the most interesting part was the quantum circuits for me because it really intrigued and even I started further research and studying regarding this topic.
Quantum mechanics lecture 

 
I liked the covering of the quantum stack and how what we're learning (qubits and all the base layer stuff) relates to the field as a whole. 
I'm grateful to be part of this wonderfully structured coursework and to be able to understand the basics of quantum computing. Assignments were most helpful as I could personally test my understanding of the topics that were taught. I am looking forward to higher learning through next semester!

Thank you to IBM and The Coding School for making learning easier!
The lab sessions were amazing. Everyone was quit helpful.
The explanation of labes was on the basis of lecture so i got more information and many of my doubt solved just due to it so, my experience is awesome. 
I think that the organization and made this in time
I like very much, how to run a quantum circuit on a real quantum computer, all since IBM website.
I liked the Sunday lectures. I learned a lot from the sessions, and reinforced my knowledge through the labs.
The course is very well structured. It was a very easy, slow and steady begin with lots of repetitions on the fundamentals which is generally very good. 
Excellent process of learning
What I liked the most was the homework, because it helps to stick the information in the brain better.
I liked that i was assigned an Asynchronous lab that gave me flexibility to attend it at a time that suited me.

Also, I liked that all the lecturers and TAs were very friendly and helpful. They were all very patient with the students and always tried to put everyone at ease about the material and no question or doubt was too insignificant or silly to ask.

Thank You to all of them!
The way professors use to teach us the concepts! Man, It's just amazing, nothing more to say.
The labs were interesting and engaging
course content
It was so much structured that I never knew how that 1.5 hourse went so easily . 

At the end I felt so glad and the feeling of YES comes after every lab and lectures.

 

Thank you.

Thank you.

Thank you.

 
How a suitable and a friendly set of Quantum computing knowledge is offered without any need to struggle with the way this is achieved. Really there's a designed process of teaching
The experience was good. Learnt and explored an interesting course I hope to learn more in the next semester and I'll try to give my best to this course.
What i liked in semester 1 is that i get to know new informations such as gates and the usage of josephson junction to make qubits and the challenges that quantum computing  face
the course materials that summarizes the topic broadly 
Course content
Having fun in lab 
I like the way the concepts were interpreted and demonstrated during the lectures. It made me think much about the way the quantum world works and it enabled me to feel like I have discovered the concept from the very consciousness of our beloved Universe. (Even though the Quantum Realm suggests the existence of other Universe-s too). 

The Course Structure is flexible enabling the learner to grab the subject at his/her convenience maintaining the standards high and handsome. The Instructors are super talented and well-informed in the area of Quantum Computing methods and establishments. The Lab schedule and curriculum is super practical and a good amount of experience is gained through these valuable sessions.
Everything including homework 
The possibility to code in quiskit, and in particular to run a real quantum computer.
Thank you for everything
The homework assignment were very beneficial for me to learn the content. I wouldn't be able to learn my simply listening to lectures.
I think the course structure is excellent. The lab and homework help us review the knowledge we learned from the lecture. This course has exposed me to a whole new field which is fancinating. My major is fiance and now I'm think how to link it with quantum computing.
It's Awesome
The instructors were definetly the best part of the course. They were all extremely helpful, always trying to answer every question we had, and also very nice in general.
The structure and content were perfectly selected to grasp solid knowledge of quantum computing to enhance it in the next semester. 
Semester 1 had a unique aura around it. With the excitement of learning Quantum Computing to sending commands to IBM's quantum computers, everything about the course was excellent, and I can't wait for the second semester!
I like the way you introduce quantum mechanics and its applications. I like your lab sessions . Course management was also perfect.

 
During the first semester of the quantum computer course, i liked that I was able to learn about the fundamental principles of quantum mechanics and how they are applied to quantum computers. I found it fascinating to explore the potential advantages and limitations of quantum computers compared to classical computers, and I enjoyed seeing examples of real-world applications of quantum computers in fields like chemistry, materials science, and machine learning. I also loved that i had the opportunity to gain hands-on experience with programming quantum sofware and running the quantum simulatos, which was a valuable and exciting learning experience. Additionally, I had the chance to engage with instructors and classmates who were passionate about quantum computing, and I learned a lot from their insights and perspectives. Overall, I found the first semester of the quantum computer course to be a rewarding and enriching experience.
Being able to get hands on experience (programming some quantum circuits ourselves), and seeing how the field of quantum computing is to be developed
Lab classes
I liked the way the lecture slides were laid out and how the assignments allowed for the application of the coursework.
The intro, history, approach towards the technical concepts. 

Liked the support recieved by Qubit by Qubit 

Like the applications use cases 

Like access to industry leaders 
I enjoy study in lab ,our TA was explaning very clearly 
Also like homeworks so I can practice 
The summary cheat sheet and lab sessions were most beneficial for me and I liked them the most.
The content and organization of materials.
How in-depth the lectures were.
I loved the whole of semester 1. It was the right passion needed for a quantum program for high schoolers & beginners.
As I am a Physicist, I  have learned a lot in this online course. I am grateful to IBM and qubit by qubit. Lectures and live lab sessions were the most helpful during the 1st semester. 
I loved how detailed the content was and it's very well curated for a beginner such as myself.
the assignments because it is very structured and help you understand at a constant speed.
My lab teacher was very good and answered all my questions well.
I loved the labs and also the cheat sheet provided to revise what we have learnt till now
The fact that we explored a lot of areas of quantum computing, not just the theory but also the history of the physics and the computing behind it. 
I really liked the way some information was handled, it was so much fun sometimes and I really like that! 
I've learnt a lot more about quantum computing (like the basic knowledge) and it's made me even more excited for Semester 2! The thing I liked most about the course was how we were able to also code in quantum on IBM Quantum, the interactive aspect made it more fun and better to understand when we did it ourselves in lab. 
I liked everything about this course and mostly the lab sessions which were on point with practical involvement.
I liked learning about python with loops and measuring and just looking and drawing bloch spheres. I also liked learning about superposition and measuring. How we can use quantum for security was fun.
The patience of explaination

 
Lad sessions 
The course was well structured . Any student with no knowledge of quantum computing could fit right in and understand what was going on 
Everything from basics to intermediate level was covered.
I really like the course structure. I believe the material is easier to learn that way. Having a lab session and homework in addition to lectures is very helpful.
The way our tutors took their time to answer our questions and explain thoroughly.
I liked the physics part of the quantum computing.
Learning about the topics about quantum computing
The lab recordings were the best , as many times we don't tend to get the concept in one go .
The lab and the assignment time it's soo wonderful for rewatching and practicing. 
I really like course summaries and the opportunity to learn new skills.
our instructor or TA and the course content.
The emphasis on practical as much as theory. 

Clear communication of the way forward and updates.
I likex coding on Python the most
Everything from the contents to the delivery style. Well done and Thank you,
I appreciate the efforts of the team, who have given their nothing but best to enlighten us on the topic of Quantum Computing and its future. I liked all the lectures (regular plus guest) and labs. Moreover, the course structure was adequate.

I am grateful for this opportunity and look forward to Semester 2.  
I like the way the course is structured and each lecture.
I liked every lectures but MIT lab tour is the one closest to my heart. For First time I witnessed a quantum computer component by component and their sole purpose. 
Lecture and lab were very informative. 
Recording of the lectures are very helpful for me thank you very much for this !
I really liked the flexibility of the lab timings and the engagement during labs despite the amount of people. The lectures were also very interesting, and kept on increasing my interest in quantum computing.
I liked the new amount of information being leaned each and every week in the lectures. However, above all of that, I love the live lab sessions because I got to interact with some of my peers in the form of helping them out or doing a competition like jeopardy. I also liked the way my lab assistant teaches in a patient and clear manner.
The ability to rewatch labs/lectures, since it helps to be able to go at your pace. 
Addie was a very nice and patient TA.
I liked the fact that we were able to catch on on missed lab sessions and lectures through recorded videos.
The course made me committed to continue my learning journey 
Being new to the field of Quantum Computing, I thought that the design of the course was according to expectations of students. From very basics, eventually the course progresses in terms of difficulty level. Course coordinators are helpful, course is well paced, assignments are good to work with. It's only a matter of rigorous practise at the end of the students. All is good.
I love the Jupyter notebooks, the content is easy to follow
I liked the content
I really liked that I could change lab times and that there were so many different lab times to choose from.
The first semester was beginner friendly course.
Excellent! 
The course structure.

Learning  and Lab activities.

Also, the flexible time table.
I really liked the live labs. It really helped my understanding of what we were learning that week in a hands on way!
I liked that the course started from the very basics and attempted to explain them through easy analogies. I liked using the notebook and quasm simulator. My TA was really good. 
The recap of previous lessons in every lecture
I liked actually solving the homework problems using what we learned in lecture.
I love how this program is structured. Teachers and lecturers are amazing and it is easy to receive help. The groups are divided well and the focus of kindness and diversity is very special and precious.

 
The course is excellent organized and very the homework as well as lab was well designed. The explanations about the key concepts with the help of very practically knowledgeable technical staff was excellent and the intension of sharing a practical knowledge has make this course remarkable . In first semester's syllabus the topic for mathematics for gates /states etc. is not covered. Hope this is covered in second semester. But overall the course is excellent. I am really happy to be a part of this course.
Teachers were really great. They solve our doubts then and there. They encourage us to ask questions. Fran, Amir and Saasha Joshi narrated everything clearly. I highly recommend people taking this course.
When i entered the course , i was sure that i wouldn’t have survived this course , however , the lectures so easily simplified and in detail , one could only think of heaven . My TA was beyond helpful in making me understand things better and faster. My favourite topic was pretty simple , it was Quantum key distribution , even studying it was beautiful . 

 
Good, The lectures and lab sessions both are good.
The access to recordings for self-paced studies

 
Learning more about computing since I didn't really know much.
I liked the course content and the fact that we got to do our own code in IBM's quantum lab.
the remote nature of the program
Due to my busy schedule ,I missed a lot of labs,I will try to catch-up ,the quantum field is very interesting and I like to pursue one of the branches,I will try to do more in semester 2.
I liked the structure of the lectures and labs, since if I didn't understand a topic in lecture it was later explained further in lab.
Loved the jeopardy game at our last lab session! Was a great way to review what we learned.
I learned how, why, what’s of  Quantum computing.
These rudimentary skills are the most essential part of learning a new concept.
I like the supervisor's, their ability to teach and structure of course is also nice. The mentors are soul of the course and they did very nice job...
I liked that we had a chance to check our answers from the recorded zoom of them going over the homework.
the way all the resources were easily accessible on the canvas
The recorded version of the lecture provided are the most important thing for me. I was able to rewatch the video whenever possible and it meant a a lot.
I genuinely found myself interested in learning about coding and their outcomes. 
The first semester was really a great one. The course is well structured and moved on with a perfect pace. All the concepts were explained thoroughly and in simple manner. It was a great investment of time for me for this course. I've learnt a lot from this course.
Learning about qubits.
I really liked the quizzes because they were really helpful in understanding the content. 
The course was not too challenging, so it was easy fot beginners.
I loved the quality of the teachers and the ability to rewatch the lectures, labs and review sessions. It really allows me to drive the information home.
I liked the cooperation and that I learned something new that I was interested in and increased my knowledge well so I really enjoyed it 
"I choose a career in Quantum w because of the many opportunities for a successful career. I enrolled in this course to learn more about the basis of Quantum Computing and how the Quantum Computing working ."
Excellent course in which I got a chance to explore Quantum Computing field at a early age and very well planned academic course which gave me a lot of deep knowledge of subject in depth.
I was happy with the course syllabus and they way they organize it made me learn about the concept in a very practical way

 
I loved how easy and available the team made the content for us. Supplementing with homeworks and labs, I feel really confident about what we have learned so far. 
The first semester was very fun and interesting but i dont feel like i learned as much as i was supposed to because people in my lab session seemed very smart compared to me.
The way that the entire course was organised and structured in its entirety was great. The labs and the lectures were very informative and helpful to learn the concepts related to quantum. The assignments, both labs and homework were extremely helpful for the learning.
I liked the live labs most out of the semester one course because it allowed me to interact with others and expand my knowledge in Python 3.
How simple things were made for us to understand them better.
know more about quantum gates how this gate looks like and what it is built from and their response when q-bit activates it, different type of gates, and how our simulated gates transfer and are read by the quantum computer at IBM.

 

 
For me learning how quantum are going to bring revolution to various sector and improved the tech industries amaze me and excited in the future
I really enjoyed how my lab instructor taught us and was easy to retain the information. 
The hand on projects that we got to do using different websites to experiment.
The lectures were very entertaining and interesting to follow.
The lab sessions were very interesting and coding along with the instructor while learning about quantum computing was the best
Most of all, I really enjoyed the very easy and simple beginner-level curriculum offered to us to get us introduced to the concept of quantum computing. Although I feel it was a little too easy, it was taught to us beautifully and I really enjoyed watching the lectures and learning new things.
The lab session 
I really enjoyed the online course. I thought it was well planned and layed out, easy for me to follow. The work load(h.w. & test)was just enough, so i could finish everything with enough time, learn about the topics and not feel over loaded and rushed.
I loved everything about this course. Lecture followed by lab session gave us indepth knowledge about the content being taught. We were able to get out doubt solve on the spot. Our lab professor was very friendly and was always smiling adding a great value in the session. 
The summaries of lessons and homework review
I like the abstract concepts, the broad applications that quantum can have, it's so fun.
The way the professor gave us the class and the way he explained the objectives. 
The course structure was easy enough for first time learners to follow and the way the materials have been presented makes it easier to assimilate.
The people are really beautiful and helpful
I learned the basics of quantum computing, the famous gates that we can apply to a qubit. I also got to know the famous phenomena in physics regarding quantum computing, such as tunneling, superposition, etc.
I really liked the outline of the course. It was just right for a beginner. 
course structure is very efficient and reasonable
I liked working with experts in the field.
I liked that semester 1 was very interesting and gave me a good introduction into quantum computing.
The on hands learning of the material which increased my interest in the information.
I really loved the instructors in the course.
What I liked most about semester 1 were the labs.
being able to access all previous items
The semester one course help me in gaining the knowledge of the basics of programming which for me was really helpful. The recorded lecture was as additional help for me as due to the time difference I wasn't able to able to attend more. 
The course structure
Semester 1 had very interest information about quantum computing that would be difficult to learn about on my own.  I got exposed to many incredibly interesting concepts that I would love to delve deeper into on my own.
I liked the lab sessions the most as they helped me solidify the concepts. 
i like the virtual lab and everythimg in this course

 
It was good to understand the entire Quantum framework - digital circuit, hardware, programming using Python.
The material - factual info.  It is a nice intro topic course.
1. The structure of the course was very interesting and helpful. Students were introduced to the idea of classical world and quantum world using easy examples to set the right expectations of what to expect when it comes to Quantum Computing.

 

2. The faculty has been very receptive to questions and feedback. Each person has been very approachable throughout.

3. The free IBM account has been helpful for coding practice.
I thought that my TA was incredible. I also think that the lectures were very interesting.
I like that we are learning about very and concept topics but the lecturers make it super easy to understand.
i liked the people and entire learning experience
I like the class in general since it's something that I never knew before
The energy of the lecturers.
Fluidity.
I liked the lectures and the interesting ideas we learned about quantum computing.
hands on lab
I enjoyed the homework and how I’m able to do the questions until I get them right so that I know what I did wrong and how I should improve.
Firieirg
I liked the interactive lab element. I felt it was a unique opportunity to ask meaningful questions regarding quantum computing.
I liked the structure and timeline of the class. The resources offered helped a lot.
MIT Virtual Lab was superb. The lectures that explained quantum mechanics from the basic level were amazing. I super enjoyed the course primarily when it served with practicals.
Everything, I liked that the course was organised well. The lab teacher was great, homework review was also good and overall the content was very interesting. 
I just loved all the sunday lectures
Learning new things related to QKD and basic quantum algorithms. Getting to know my TA.
The thing I liked the most about semester 1 was understanding the various concepts of quantum mechanics such as interference and the multiple gates that I had no knowledge about prior to taking this course.
I liked how it was easy to catch up with all of the lectures and past labs you can rewatch. I liked the lectures a lot and they were the most helpful during this semester. 
I really enjoyed the live lab sessions! It felt more personal since it was a smaller group, and it was nice to see other people’s questions answered in real time since I normally had similar questions.
The gentle introduction to the topics. No too much requirements are needed to follow the course.
That the overview of quantum computing was simple and not overly complicated
I enjoyed learning about Quantum Computing and the different concepts.
I enjoyed the course structure. Due to personal reasons, I thought I did not have enough time to meet the deadlines, but in the end, I saw they extended the time, so with some motivation, I started to finish the work, and I was able to complete the first semester. I have more motivation now to finish the next semester! Thank you for being so flexible.
Practising in lab hours with the TA
It was very exciting and so much more better than what i thought it would be.
i liked the lectures and how open the classes and instructors are.
Detailed explanation of basic concepts are very helpful. 
The course is structured well. Kudos to the course design team. I really liked that lectures and labs are kept separate so that it is easier to grab the concept. Offering flexibility of time to so many people would have been a nightmare but you people managed well.
The first semester was really a great time to start learning the basis of Quantum computing. One of the most interesting topics in the lecture session that I like most was Quantum Key Distribution, where we learned about Cybersecurity, Cryptography, and QKD. 

Also, the lab sessions are another session that I like.

 
I don't remember but this semester was so exciting 
first of all i loved the lab sessions because it made the content easy to understand and it gives you a perspective of how codes run or like the way the entangled qubits run and thats makes me understand the subject easily because i saw the theoretic approach and the practical approach so thats makes a perfect way to understand a subject and  i am very pleased by this method
good one
I liked everything you gave to us including sessions and laps.
lectures and lab both
The coding and weekly assignment format 
I really like the organization of the presentations and how well the speakers explain them. 
I liked being able to apply what I’ve learned not just in coding but also in other STEM fields. It’s really broadened my understanding as a whole
I love how the lectures really expanded my interest in quantum coding and helped me understand the possible implications for our society. The live lab sessions are my only complaint because of the time zone difference, but learning about it was incredibly enjoyable overall.
The contents of the course were very interesting. The Lectures and Lab sessions were great.
i really liked the labs. 
The labs session and lecture. It gave a good introduction to Quantum World.
Everything 
Deapite the difficulty of the subject, the instructors and whole team made sure to make it as simple as possible yet without compromising the scientific content. I liked that I learned some python basics. The whole course system was very helpful and robust. Thank you for your efforts and for giving us a chance to know about this new world of computing that only a few have experienced.
This semester was smooth and it introduced quantum computing in a way that is easy to comprehend for learners with a broad range of backgrounds.
I enjoyed the python recap, the lab time. and access to the quantum computers.  I do think the lab could be a bit longer to handle the Q and A. 

I also really enjoyed the tour of the lab
The learning summary cheatcodes were a great way to brush up the content.
I liked the fact that we were able to actually write code for quantum computers. 
The labs were what I liked the most; Our TA was really awesome and willing to expand or explain any topic we wanted to , in addition to the content of the week.
i really liked how semester 1 gave us such a solid foundation of quantum physics. it was a short amount of time but we learned so much very thoroughly. 
I really liked the high-level overview of semester 1, but I am looking forward to a more in-depth learning experience in semester 2!
What I liked most about the semester 1 of the course is the overall content that was taught and the M.I.T lab tour.
I liked how the course had the perfect pace and the TA was always involved with every student to make sure they understood the concepts well. 
The assignments 
everything was awesome
I liked being able to rewatch the labs and lectures
Making entangled circuit 
I enjoyed the structure of the homework. Made it easy to understand and learn as I completed it.
Honestly, I really like how you allow us to retake the quizzes, as I know that quantum computing is a difficult subject to learn and teach as it completely flips everything that we know about regular physics.
 it was interesting
Learning to code the algorithms and protocols of the qubits. 
I really liked the content of the lecture. Very insightful and fun.
I liked the lab sessions the most.
I liked how some difficult concepts was semplified in a way that we could understand and how everything is in the right level of difficulty also I liked lab sessions and how our TA Riley was explaining every concept and trying to make it easier.
Live Lab sessions are the best. Being able to ask questions directly to a TA is the best thing when it comes to online learning. Aside from the learning materials, the roadmap that semester 1 has provided is structured enough so that I can have something to look forward to. 
I liked being able to see quantum circuits work out in front of me in labs through python code, that was really interactive and hands-on
I think there was a really great level of support and different ways of accessing it. I also liked how many different lab options there were for different time zones as I am in NZ, and glad I had a really positive learning experience with my TA (thanks addie!) Overall really liked the structure of live practical + lecture I could easily rewatch and have retained and built upon a lot of the new things I've learnt.
I really enjoyed the hands on coding that we did and the lecture with lab set up.
Good interaction and I was able to rewatch the lecture. 
MIT Lab tour , QCD
I liked LAB's and lectures to learn QC.

Thank you all.

 
I liked how friendly and encouraging the environment and content was throughout the whole semester. 
Qiskit practice
 briefly  explanation on each topic is what that i like and the lab session  practices is also that what I like .
Our teachers, they are great. They know up to what level they should take and drop things.
Content provided during lectures.
I think the Course was quite structured full of knowledge. I feel that the Guest speaker Sessions should be increased like  in every two weeks. One of the best things about this course is its flexibility. All Our material and lectures is uploaded in canvas regularly. The Teachers and TA's are just great and excellent. Kudos to the TCS Team !! 
Almost everything, but lab sessions and MIT lab Tour are what I like the most.
I really loved the content of the course. The level and approach it was used to teach the content. It was just right and well-dosed. The course structure was good, also it could have been different and still would work. I like the freedom of the assignment.
I feel that it was very comprehensive in setting up students with strong fundamentals for learning quantum computing.
We have learnt the python language from beginning and it helped a lot in the weak areas of coding.
It was awesome. The lab sessions were engaging. The lectures were very interesting. The homework was set in just the right way and was enjoyable. The first semester got me pumped up about quantum computing. Thank you qxq for the awesome first semester!  :D
I liked the live lab sessions and course material the most in this course. 
I liked that you can have unlimited tries to submit your homework. This gives you a chance to think about your work and learn from your mistakes. I also liked that the lab was a free space to ask questions. 
Amazing concept explanation and lab part was awesome 
I liked the lectures. I found them very interesting and informative. The Lab sessions were more interactive than I expected and that certainly helping me grasp some of the concepts. 

The MIT lab tour was the highlight of my entire experience. I am grateful for being apart of this program.
The course structure was very thorough and informative, and mostly the teaching guides and assistants were very friendly with questions.
the lab
I like how all the content has been approached, we seen to much practical knowledge and thats how we learn about this themes.
I love the way course was presented and structured! it’s the best way people learn, simplifying things and gradually increasing the difficulty to tackle the hard problems!
I liked the course structure 
The thing I liked most was the notebooks, as they created a structured method for learning. They also allowed easier revision of course materials, due to them having created a place to check for practice.
I very much liked the course work and the amount of homework that we received
I like the lab session where i learnt so many new things.
I liked being able to learn both python and its application to quantum computing at the same time
everything was great
I ENJOYED MOST OF THE LECTURE AND LAB CONTENT.
One thing I liked most about this course was I was able to grow as a person because I feel that with these skills i’ve learned I feel I can go even further now.
the labs
I liked the course structure, my TA is a really good teacher so i enjoyed very much this semester, thank you. 
I liked how the recordings were shared.
I enjoyed going over notebooks as a class.  I also enjoyed the quiz structured homework 
The format of the course and all materials, and delivery are fantastic. I really enjoyed a lot.
The fundamentals are taught and the live lectures are engaging and informative.
I like the way that you teach us, That's so cool,  the content of the course is amazing, quantum mechanic priciples and then an intro to quantum computing, how to code with qiskit from IBM and the coolest is how to make simple games with Qiskit, and you did really best when you gave us cheet sheet of the lectures.
I liked the teacher and how they could explain everything very well.
Doing the coding
Learning more about quantum computing and how it was almost completely different from classical
What I liked the most was the organization of the course. It is evident that TCS tried to formulate the lectures, labs and study materials as clearer as possible.
the content and the material
I found learning about the future implementations of quantum computers was interesting. I think the course stucture was okay.
I really enjoyed the labs and lectures, which explained topics of great interest such as the properties, algorithms and protocols of quantum computing. I also liked the panelists and new guests who added and gave an advance on this topic.
I really like the material. It’s very interesting. 
I liked the live sessions and the special events the most. The way that the course is set up is pretty nice.
The block sphere is a really cool way of representing the state of the qubits, specially when we make a animation with the movement of the gates. Programming quantum circuits was also really exciting.
I really liked learning the theory behind a lot of the concepts such as QKD, and I really liked the tour and demonstration at MIT aswell.
The convenience that the course instructors showed to deadlines and late work if a student felt overwhelmed.
I like that we did an overview of all different types of topics, such as the past/present/future of quantum computing and going through all the levels of the quantum stack. This has allowed me to see all the different aspects of quantum computing, as well as how it is very interdisciplinary and is applicable in many fields/parts of our lives. 
I really enjoyed the homework assignments which tested you on your understanding of the concepts. Not the python module, but the overarching concepts that may be very useful in the future. They were fun because I learned a lot since the opportunity to retake was great!

Thank you for those,

Rieder Gupta
What I like the most is the great content of both the lectures and the labs.
Coding labs and practice
I like the amount of help that was provided to ensure we could succeed when it came to learning the topics, and how we all learned together.
The slides were very well made and the lecturers' explanations were clear.
I like the course structure.
Course lectures are really great, very clear. 
I definitely enjoyed being able to learn new things every week, the structure of the course although it is difficult the way the teachers explained it made it a little easier, and gave you expectations about your capabilities. 
The labs
Loved everything
I lover that the course allowed multiple avenues to learn and practise the content. Theses included, live lectures, live lab sessions, office hours and homework help. The TA's were also very knowledgeable of the content.

 
I enjoyed learning how to use qiskit.
I liked how there were lots of resources on the canvas/module organization 
I liked the flexibility in the course, being able to take it on my own time by watching recordings. I also liked the numerous check-in surveys, asking how the students felt about what they had learned that week. Finally, I liked that students could ask questions during lectures and the lab sessions. 
MIT lab tour
The structure and concern for learning, because even when students were unavailable for lectures and labs, they could watch recorded classes.
It fit very well into my schedule and I learned a lot!
The lab sessions were undoubtedly the most fascinating aspect of the program for me.

Assignments has been helpful in practicing learned concepts
I loved the system and schedule we all followed. As well as the very kind and helpful staff. I found the content easy, and the homework assignments were interactive.
I really enjoy my lab sessions and having a tour given by MIT. In addition, the lecturers were really good so I was able to understand and get interested.
Being able to re-watch lectures and labs recordings, the helpful cheat sheets provided, and the wonderful guest speakers.
nothing
The content was quite interesting and I was able to learn about new concepts.
One thing that I liked most about semester 1 of the course is the structure. I enjoyed learning about the concepts during the live lecture on Saturday, and then really implementing it into code during lab days. I also really liked the course content as I was able to stay engaged, but I never once thought that I was behind. One of my favorite sessions was the quantum communication lab with Eve intercepting.
I liked the extra resources provided after labs and lectures.
I liked the camaraderie of the lab sections and the cheat sheets they really helped me if I missed something during lecture.
I liked learning about Quantum, and being able to rant to my friends and family about how interesting it is. The material is very confusing, but it is interesting and once learned is very fascinating.
I liked the structure of the lectures and content. 
I loved the way each lecture built on the previous lecture. The reviews at the end of each lecture were very useful, and the repetition of each concept helps you learn better.
I learnt a lot this semester. It was really exciting to be part of this program. Thank you TCS and IBM!
Mostly content, even though I think it can be improved.
The content of the course and the way it is presented in the lectures, along with the regular homework ensures proper understanding of the concepts.
I really like the way they explain quantum computing in a way that we can all understand, it is a difficult subject but the professors know how to share that knowledge.
I like that there are recordings for me to learn at my own pace.
I like how we had interactive activities during the lab, and how we got to look at the structure of a real quantum computer.
The detail that went into the hardware and how a quantum computer works.
I really enjoyed my lab instructor's style of teaching - I learned a lot from him, and he encouraged us all to be curious and ask questions.
I liked that this first semester was a refresher on most of the content in the summer course. There were some cool facts about the specific hardware of quantum computers which was a bit new and it was a great introduction to what is to come in the second semester. Can't wait!
The material and the way it is presented. Every lecturer demonstrated very high level of understanding on the subject presented. Also love the flexibility of watching the recordings to gain more understanding of an unclear subject and for the times I was not able to attend the live class. Watching the recordings allowed me to experience close to full benefit of the lecture, although not being able to ask any questions. 
The challenge and interaction with the labs and homeworks.
I really like how the concepts were mentioned in many lectures to allow for a deeper understanding of the topic. The multiple choice questions were also a good way to review the information and have immediate feedback. 
I liked the lectures and the office hours.
The diving into different types of QC hardware.
The "hands-on" approach in the labs
Sem 1 was a highly accessible introduction to something as complex and unintuitive as Quantum Computing, all delivered in a rightly paced and interactive way. My lab sessions were highly insightful and I always looked forward to those – over the course of past months, I came to view my lab section as a close community and this helped make my  whole experience very uniquely immersive. Special shout out to Ricky Dube for his absolutely brilliant management of our Lab section! Thank you QxQ!
I liked trying to understand this brand new and difficult information as a way to challenge myself, as well as to advance my abilities in STEM. I enjoyed IBM Quantum Experience and how it allowed me to visualize the information and test different things.
I liked how the course structure made the learning process mostly stress-free.
My favorite part of the course was definitely the lab sections, the lab sessions helped me to understand the homework much better, and how to approach each problem. I also think that my TA was super helpful and ensured that everyone was on the same page, and was super patient with all of us when we had questions.
The pace was very nice. Not breakneck.
Exposure to wide range of quantum computing topics
really like the course.  it gives me something extra to add on to my vitae.  i like the hands on labs.
I liked how the course offered many learning resources like live lectures, recordings, and lab sessions.
I liked learning about the software and algorithms used in quantum computing
I really enjoyed programming during the labs.
Learning how quantum computers operate was what I liked the most.
I liked how we had detailed lectures and that our homework was based on what we had learned and made us apply our knowledge to complete it.
It was a great introduction into quantum computing and physics an I look forward to learning more!
I liked the fact that homework reviews were recorded. It really helped me when I couldn't make lecture and needed to catch up.
I loved just learning about quantum computers! and the MIT lab tour was amazing! that was probably the best out of all of it, if I had to pick.
Loved the structured introduction into quantum computing principles and applications. 
I always thought quantum computing is a great field for exploits but it looked more like a standalone field until the tutors(Franc and Aamir) explained some concepts being used in other fields such as information security, chemistry and others. It was more exciting to hear guests explain their research works with us. The tour and running some of my works on the quantum platform was super amazing.

Thank you The Coding School for this amazing opportunity
I liked how much freedom is given in the course as I can watch the courses when I am not available to watch the lecture. 
I liked the course content and structure. It covers so many interesting aspects right from the point why we need quantum computing ?
My favorite part of the course is the introduction to the properties of quantum, because this course made me discover the mystery of quantum.
I liked that it was very introductory and well-explained. I have had some contact with quantum physics before, but seeing it re-explained and with more clarity really helped and it also makes me happy knowing people who have had no contact with it up until the course have a good lecture that is able to introduce them to a field that I find so cool. 

 

I also liked that, even though it's very introductory, in lab you can ask question to your TA and, in my labs, he always answered very well and sometimes even gave additional information that I found really amazing and sometimes was also a little more advanced. Also, the teacher I had in lab is super friendly and charismatic, and that helps a lot.
What I liked the most was the first lecture, that was the time I knew I would love quantum computing, and I was so excited to learn! And at the end for first semester that is really what happened... The lectures were awesome, the way it's presented and the way content is shared, the instructors were amazing on making this way easier than I thought it would be.
The intuitive way that the course is structured (one topic often builds upon the previous)
Video rewatch availability, especially given our tight schedule.

Make-up week, allows students that really want to do their best, but have had tough weeks academically, or for personal reasons to be able to catch up and feel they can even when things have been tough for them or us teachers.

Lab class review and work are great! It has been critical to learning quantum. The possibility of studying from the lab videos makes a huge difference.

 
Definitely, my favorite part was the way lectures went on. I noticed such a neat and careful constructed order of the syllabus, so I personally could comprehend the topics as they became more difficult.
I love that they always kept us updated on the recent quantum discovery's and covered information in lecture accordingly. 
The spirit of the course
I liked the overall content of the first semester of the course and how each lecture was structured. I liked how informational every lecture was to watch and I found it fun every week to watch the lecture.
I liked the fact that we had to code most of our assignments in order to be able to answer the question, liked the overall content of the course a lot of the information I was taught was really interesting
It was interesting to get the hang of the coding portion of things which i had zero experience prior to this course.
The lab sections were the best.
The tour lab of quantum hardware.
The classes were very good and very didactic.
 I like every aspect of this course because this subject has really interested me throughout. Everyday I listened to the lectures I was never once distracted because it was a very interesting topic to learn throughout this semester. I can't wait for the next semester.
I really enjoyed the lab sections. I learned so much from the questions my fellow lab mates asked and from my TA. I don't think I would have learned anywhere near as much without these sessions.
the lectures
I liked that they separated the theory-type stuff and more practical stuff from each other as the lectures and the labs. It was easier to work with them separated. 

I also liked that all the content we learned was recorded so we could go over it ourselves. I found this really useful because I'm super forgetful.
Being able to rewatch the lectures and labs as it allows to review or take time to further investigate concepts mentioned during class. 
I loved the structure of the course with lectures, labs and assignments. I also love the lab sessions. 
Qubit by Qubits: An introduction to quantum computing has not only exposed how quantum stack can be used to build a quantum computer but also revealed the importance of quantum computers over classical computers and how it can be used to solve many physical problems such as cyber security, machine learning, quantum internet, algorithm for micro/nano biology and so on.

The lectures were well organized and the lead instructors, lab instructors are quantum mechanically inclined in dishing out the knowledge of quantum mechanics used as applications in solving physical problems. 

I would sincerely say that this is the best course I took in 2022 and I cannot wait to begin the second semester in 2023.      
The course was really easy to follow and wasn’t to difficult that it made my busy week worse.
The personality and interactivity of the live lab
I really like the course structure, I was afraid that it would end up being too superficial since they can't go too much into technical details since its targetted towards high school. So it was nice to see how the information was taught well without the need of to much technical details.
little bit knowledge about quantum computing.
I liked how flexible the course was and how recordings were available for lessons missed.

I also liked how the teachers were patient and made the course more interesting.
I liked how enthusiastic the lab instructors were during the weekly labs. They were always willing to help out and strived to make each lab as entertaining as possible.
I liked my lab live most.
Lectures combined with weekly labs helped with understanding and retaining the new concepts covered each week. 
I liked how simple it was to follow along. Moreover, there was a lot of support and resources provided to ensure that each student was able to understand the material well. 
Overall a great learning experience about quantum coding.
i like the lab environtment on zoom, even tough its a online education program our teacher is so open to communicate and chit chat a little bit. He is making these lessons more enjoyable i think. And also the QxQ team shows a lot interest to their students and make them feel special.
The  nice people
I really love the course structure and how it is a perfet blend of normal teaching and a modern way of learning. The use of jypter notebooks is definatly something to write home about because familiarizing students with the new way of coding online and office is a great skill
the notion of superposition.
The lab sessions were very funny.
The MIT lab tour and the fact that we're actually getting exposed the more to real applications. 
Interesting

 
The content of the course was the most interesting and I am eager to experience what next semester has in store for us.
The assignments/quizzes have helped a lot. Being able to practice by myself and all that, it really helped.
I loved being able to rewatch labs
I liked the live lab sessions as it felt very interactive.
This semester, I truly appreciated the live lectures, they have been the most helpful. The way the material was taught and how every lecture built on one another made learning about Quantum so much more interesting.
I most liked the coding assignments that we had for homework some weeks because they required me to push beyond simply knowing the material; you have to understand it and be able to apply it, which is particularly rewarding knowing that this is challenging material to understand.
Learning not just about applications and general concepts, but using tools practically
I really liked the fact that I was able to learn a lot about quantum computing in a very short time. Also, the flexibility of watching the labs on my own time has helped me a lot in understanding the concept better.

 
I really like how all the couse was organised at the beginig. The topics that we learn on live seasions and labs was very interesting and I really like learning about this course,.
Systematical introduction from QC hardware to software
I like a lot learning about the quantum experience and the ideas that were implemented to us during this first semenster. 
What I liked the most about semester 1 of this course is the lab sessions, lab notebooks, and the interestingly difficult content that we learned.
I really liked the fact that I was given the chance to watch the lecture and lab recording at my own pace, this helped me to focus and understand the concepts properly. Considering working full-time in technology at IBM this course would have been difficult for me to complete if I was not given this option. I really appreciate this.
I think that the content is just interesting. The pacing makes it easier to comprehend. Overall the structure is really well planned out.
I like the technology and really excited  to look for next semester.
I enjoyed working with Qiskit to expand my programming skills, 
I liked how we first started with python for the people who didn't know how to code (me being one of them) and I like learning about quantum gates and superposition. 
I really liked how we were able to practice the things we learned in lectures and labs with relevant and helpful assignments.
I so much like the weekly live lab lectures and the office hours. These are indeed helpful in my learning journey at The Coding School.
I really enjoyed putting quantum concepts into practice with Python during labs, because it helped me get a grip with certain concepts while learning to put them into practice. On the topic of putting concepts into practice, learning about quantum key encryption was also really interesting. I also liked learning about quantum concepts for the first time, like entanglement, superposition, measurement and interference.
Everything I learned was interesting. I absolutely liked that the semester was easy, especially because I didn't have any prior knowledge about quantum computing. I enjoyed everything. I liked how kind all the TAs were and was happy that everyone communicated well. I really loved how it wasn't mandatory to have cameras on or speak during zoom if we weren't comfortable. I think it was nice that we could use the recordings; it was extremely helpful. Thank you. 
Because I wanted to learn about quantum physics.
I liked everything about it to be honest.
I really liked the overall flow of the course. Content was challenging at times but not overwhelming. All the resources were really helpful, especially all the recordings. I also really liked how we were given the opportunity to turn in late/missing work for full credit at the end. It really showed me home much they cared about my overall success.  
Nothing to say.
I really like the structure of the lectures. It was easy to understand, the slides were engaging, and all the lectures were interesting. I now have a better grasp on how quantum computers work and I am excited to learn more in the second semester. I also found the recordings really helpful, as I sometimes want to refer back to it. Overall, it was a good experience. Keep up the good work!
I liked how we learned new concepts from lectures and put them into practice during labs. It really helped solidify these complex topics in my mind and further my understanding of them.
This course was excellent. I had a few problems about links but overall it was interesting course. Also our teacher was communicative and he was very friendly. 
The fact that everything is recorded is great, I can review the concepts that I didn't fully understand or when I miss lectures or labs, I can watch and catch up easily.
It provides an overview of quantum computing, will going into enough details to allow a practical application using Python. 
The live lab sessions, and the recorded lectures I could always rewatch. 
Being able to code and run quantum circuits then seeing the results was the best part I think. Also the MIT tour was pretty cool too.
I liked Labs and the teachers the most of this course. 
I enjoyed every moment of this semester. The thing that was different from what I was used to, is how inspiring and lovely the professors were and how well they introduced the subject to us.
The fact that semester 1 presented hard topics as simple ones, increased my interest in quantum computing. Being able to watch recordings really helped me get through this first semester.
The laboratories, the practical application of the theory was learned.
I liked the content because it was all new, yet I was able to grasp the concepts thanks to the amazing lecturers
I liked how the course was practical, and I was able to work with Qiskit during live lab sessions. It helped me better understand the content. 
During this semester, I really enjoyed learning under my TA, Ricky Dube. It was a great experience overall, and he brought both a fun and nurturing atmosphere to the labs.
I liked learning about quantum computing and how it is evolving, and how we can connect and use them.
I love the Lab sessions.
I enjoyed the lectures and the labs and everything. 
I really enjoyed the live lab sessions, and just learning bout Quantum.
all lectures were clear and the homework of lectures was made me up to date.
Live lectures and lab.
The learning summary cheat.
The teacher was very thorough when he teaches the lessons.
I liked the academic style in which the material was organized - all topics were well structured and explained by the academic instructors from Berkeley and MIT.
I like the Lab session even if it is short for me, I would love more Lab for more practice, Also I like how the Lectures are designed, you make the difficult and complicated subject understandable in an easy way and you make them so funny, I like also the speakers, they are so friendly and helpful.
I had so much fun during the labs.
I enjoyed learning how to build quantum circuits that completed simple tasks.
I got interested in learning more of this field.
I enjoyed that there were so many reviews about previous topics.
Love it ALL! This is superb course! 
Our first TA was really sweet and helped a lot, i think she was the best one, her name is Nitya if i remember correctly
I loved the cryptography unit, because for the first time it felt like I was doing something with Qiskit, and it was cool how it compared to classical cryptography.
I have loved learning things about quantum realm. I have also liked to learn some phyton.
I really liked how the course overall was strcutured, the content was really good to understand because of that!
The Lab sessions and tô run an algorithm in a true quantum computer
I liked the pace of the course. The way homework is given and the concepts we learned so far in this semester.
Hands on coding experience on labs and in homework assignments.
I liked how someone from my background with zero exposure to computer science was able to pick up so quickly the coding skills I once feared. The best part was how easily the course could teach a beginner such as myself to this extent.
Lab tour and explanation of the components also, the question answer section. The undergrad meeting helped a lot in being confident about my skills
I really like that we could learn quantum computing without so much math because that make me interested and exiting before it gets hard
Everything was awesome!
Thank you!!
it was understandable
Everything!
The lab sessions and recordings, one can revisit them as many times and anytime.
it was very  much understandable
My favorite parts of semester 1 were the hands-on work on very accurate quantum computing simulation platforms and the lab. The lab got me to understand more deeply how quantum computers work so I can program it in the guided exercise. Going through the exercise during the lab gives an opportunity to understand the lab lesson by applying it.
What I liked most about semester 1 were the live labs. My instructor was very helpful and the size of the classes meant that they could really take the time to walk us through any confusing material. I look forward to participating in semester 2!
I loved the social events because it gave a chance to interact with others.
The thing I liked most about semester 1, was how greatly structured lectures and labs were. They were easy to follow, with great aestetic and excellent teachers. Amazing work!
The lectures were awesome and very helpful, and so are the labs.
I love the replays more it helped me understand more
To Me:

1) Perfect sequence of course content.

2) All the instructors (Sanskruti, Fan, Amir) were great.

3) Homework was carefully drafted. It helped a lot.

4) Resources provided were very helpful.

5) Course support infrastructure was just awesome (i.e., support for queries sent to student mailing list, organization, backup arrangements when instructor was late or not available for some reason, canvas, reminder emails).

This was also a great example of "how to conduct online courses effectively". Along with Quantum Computing, I learnt many course management skills by sheer observation.

Thank you very much! It was a great learning experience.
I really like the way we have been introduced to the quantum computing, with the theory and computing, I am so excited to see the mathematical side.
I enjoyed the labs and understanding not just the what, but the why.
The content was well-taught and structured. The material was neither too heavy nor too light. I appreciate that the instructors often encouraged us and told us that we were not required to grasp everything at once.
All the things we do, was perfect.
The mixture of lecture topics - including both the physics side of things, and then looking at the business/future-looking aspects
What I enjoyed most about the first semester were the lab sessions. I liked the exchange between the TA and the group.
I learned a ton in this first semester. Unfortunately I lost time to participate in the last weeks of the course. Between the holidays, parental responsibilities, and illness (mild, thankfully), the last few classes and labs got away from me.

I hope I will continue to have access to these materials (even if they're not graded) so that I can catch up over break and be ready for the second semester. Excited to learn some new math!

Thank you for everything. Happy Holidays to all. See you next year!
The best thing were the offline labs. I liked the way our TA turned out to be. The session was quite informal and he used to make us feel comfortable. We also had a few fun games to play towards the end of the course which were icing on the cake
I had imposter syndrome when the course started but due to amazing learning environment created by TAs and fellow students helped me to fit right in. 

thank you
I loved my TA (Ricky Dube)
I enjoyed the lab sections the most as my TA was easy to understand and was available to answer any questions I had about the topic at hand.
I like the cheat sheets the most, as it is explicitly clarfies what the most important concepts are. 
Slowly progressing and learning more complex concepts as time went on was really interesting. I was impressed by how the materials provided made it easy to understand these concepts.
Coding sessions
Everything
i loved the ability to retake the assessments so that you could learn and reattempt to see if you’re right without a harsh punishment.
First of all, when we got to virtually visit the lab, seeing the chips and quantum computer was really amazing. Secondly, the homework review sessions, these helped a ton. Thirdly, my lab TA, Ricky,  he's patient with us, fun and is a great teacher. Lastly, the lab schedules were really flexible, I am so grateful that there was no compulsory Saturday program as I am a Seventh-day Adventist. 
Practicing each concept during the Lab, and the attitude of the lab instructor's 
I really liked the MIT Lab Tour where in the reality we could see Quantum Computing hardware as well as the lecture on Quantum Computing hardware parts. I also loved my lab session and instructor Nitya who used to solve all of my doubts. 
Live Labs. Lectures. IBM experience. Python.
The lecture where we got to know more about the diverse areas of research in field of Quantum computing 
Friendliness of the Instructors & TA to teach and support the learning environment.
The communication we received by the emails and I also liked that every aspect of the structure was well put together and nicely organized.
Course structure and interaction with TA. 
Everything was prepared perfectly from labs, lectures, students, organizers and the time. Every lecture was well explained and understood. 
all good
I really liked the key takeaways at the end of the lecture, it helped when I maybe missed the start of lecture or just couldn't keep up in time with the slideshow while taking notes
The lecture although I am not doing my homework on time I watch the lectures and I love them
I liked the way the lectures and lab sessions were conducted. They were very easy to follow and gave me the information in a way that was easy for me to understand 
lecture is engaging.

office hour is very helpful.
I liked the content of Semester 1 and how it focused on a little bit of everything. I also loved how whatever was covered in the lecture of that week was the same thing that we did in the labs because it helped develop those specific skills. The staff was very helpful and answered all the questions I had. 
the way of explanation in lab sessions and homework
I generally liked learning almost all the content this semester. I am looking forward to harder content next semester.
What I really liked was the live class I was able to attend, there was excellent coordination. It was new for me but the most exciting experience for me.
The part about semester 1 that I liked the most was the live lab sections as they allowed me to learn about this course in a fun interactive way that helped keep me engaged in this topic. Another part of semester 1 that I liked was the lecture summary PDFs that were posted as they allowed me to quickly learn a week's content without needing to spend the time it takes to watch the lecture, time that I personally don't have. 
In general, It is good.
What I like most about the first semester is the overall learning of new topics in labs or lectures. And being able to master the lesson after reviewing for at least an hour makes me proud of myself.
It was fun
I liked sending code to an actual quantum computer. It felt amazing to send code that I had written to a real computer, and not a simulation.
I got to learn from some great instructors. Both Amir and Francisa are excellent instructors in their domain. I had a lot of fun understanding the concepts, asking questions, and listening to the others. Though I might not still fully understand some parts of the course, I can at least explain it to someone new to the field. The lab instructors were quite helpful and fun-loving at times. The assessments had a mixup of both easy and challenging questions which required some piece of mind. Overall, it was fun to go through the whole course and every other lecture brought something new to the plate. I look forward to the rest of the course in the next semester.
it was light and enlightening
The ta did an incredible job explaining the lab and making me understand which is why I was able to learn so much about quantum coding.
Live session was very good 
I liked learning about quantum physics and how its principles can be used for quantum computation.
I really loved the live lectures and the live lab!
My first steps in Quantum world was the most exciting and enjoyable
I really liked the course structure and flexibility. The flexibility of choosing my time for the lab and having the ability to watch the lecture whenever I want to. I also loved the support I got such as Homework Reviews and other things. I loved some social activities where I both had fun and learned new things.
The thing I liked most about semester 1 was how we needed no background knowledge to start. I liked how understanding all the instructors were if we were confused. I liked the pace of the course, the way it was not too fast but not too slow either and how the difficulty level was gradually increased. 
I think the lextures were great, but the labs really nailed the concepts for me. Both resulted in more questions, of course, but that's good pedagogy. I really liked the answering of questions either live, as in labs, or during the session, as in lectures. The content of the course was laid out in an achievable manner.
I besides being able to learn so much, what I enjoyed most for this course  was the lab sessions as a kinetic and visual learner i found the lab sessions very stimulating which helped me with retaining all the information learned in the lectures.
I liked the different softwares we used to learn the various concept of quantum computing. I liked all the help and assistance available.
Availability of recorded lectures and labs, loved the lab tours
I liked the labs.
The lab section was wonderful, I wish I can take a Master’s degree  in quantum computing in relative to machine learning.

What a wonderful section ! Overall the program was well structured. 

Thanks to you all, thanks to IBM.
I really like the way the course was structured. There was enough time to watch the recordings and complete the assignments. The work helped me better understand the concepts taught that week, and they were fun to do. I really enjoyed meeting for labs and homework; I could not only socialize and do my work but ask for help if I needed it. Overall, I am very happy with the first semester and can't wait for the second one!
the way concepts were taught in the class and over all atmosphere of during the class. 
The way of teaching was interesting. And the contents was also easy.
I liked most that everything was very easy to understand, even if you aren't a english native speaker.
The parts where we get to code on the quantum computers ourselves.
I most like the lab sessions with accompanying problems as I learn best by doing.
The simplicity over which complex concepts were conveyed from the teachers, this not only made understanding easier but enjoyable as well.
I really love the labs, I often understand the topics better there than in the lecture. I also find the design of the labs quite cool.
Very good content. Enjoyed learning, not too hard and can fit around schedule
Easy to follow, confidence boosting and very interesting subject matter
The semester was well organized in terms of course structure and content which was most helpful. The computing course has expanded my way of thinking and changed my reading culture. This was a great way to impact concept which is complex but made simpler and understanding made easier. 
The interaction sessions with TA, interesting social events and the content was really insights. 

Course structure is perfect and is on good pace.
I enjoyed learning about the Bloch Sphere the most in semester 1 because it was something new to me and I really liked it.
Being able to program a real quantum computer
The programming homework excercises were the best. Please give us more of this. Actually I think the course should consist of only programming tests, because these are the most helpful in my opinion.
Its very informative with knowledge that is normaly really hard to come by.
using Python as the programming language

being able to use offline ( my own computer - Jupyter Notebook)

and IBM lab

concept of interference, entanglement,  --- can relate to other aspect of life that were a mystery

a lot of opportunity to make up 

helpful responses from Gabbie and the team

 

 

 

 

 

 
I liked learning about quantum mechanics because it’s very interesting compared to classical mechanics which I am started to learn more and more in physics right now.
Overall, the delivery of each lesson and everything that comes with it has been excellent
I really liked the course and labs and the style of the homework was balanced and even the community was great we had so much fun and I made so many international friends
I really enjoyed every single module! The content was really interesting and I loved how lecturers kept us engaged. Also the course structure was excellent. 
I liked the lab sessions and homeworks the most. Because practicing really creates a difference. Also, it was quite helpful to be able to reach recordings of the lessons.
I found the content very interesting. I really appreciated that the lecture content has been prepared for audience who knows little about physics, using examples, analogy and in-class exercise, which were very helpful. 

 

I also really liked the way content are delivered, by linking theory to real-word applications, and discussing about potential usage. It helps me to better understand the importance of the quantum computation, as well as thinking about what I could be involved in as a career. 
Guest Speakers , MIT Lab
I like the way QXQ team is teaching us. They cooperated us very nicely throughout this semester. I also like the MIT Lab tour session very much. 
I really loved the weird behavior of quantum mechanics,

also it's interesting to know what will become the future of our world and what will maybe become the next scientific wave.

I just hope that people won't use this technology to develop  a bunch of deadly weapons.

Anyway it was a fantastic course that made me remember why I loved physics especially quantum mechanics and I hope to be able to do researches in the future in this field. 
I like the analogies used to explain such unintuitive concepts, it helped me to understand the principles simply.
The thing that I like in the first semester are the topic about the measurement of x gate, h gate, z gate. Even its difficult, I find it challenge and at the same time enjoyable. I think I will use it in the future, maybe. I'm so proud to myself that finally I finished the first semester. I find it easy about the first topic which are the how to print the measurement, I think! It's fun and enjoyable doing it.
People who had experience in the domain of quantum computing were explaining the concepts
It it fun and invigorating learning about a new field, and fun realizing you know less and less about the field than you thought you did after learning about some of it.
I really like the contents ,course  structure and  assignments.
The best part was lab visits and guest speaker for me. Secondary, the labs were really learning hands-on. Hope to learn and evolve enough to be a contributor in this technology.
everthing
Everytihing!
I liked the teachers in the lab sessions and also the coding parts of the course.
I liked the lecture-lab format. Was easy to follow.
The teaching in semester was 1 was very good.
Everything was awesome. The lectures were well planned and delievered with right amount of increase in difficulty in each week. Totally loved it.
I enjoyed learning to use IBM lab and learn technical skills. 
The course strucutre is perfect for all the age groups.
I looved the lab lessions they were very interactive and the lab tour was amazing.
Lab and Lessons
The powerpoint- presentations were really helpful and made it easier to understand
Good progression - it was step by step, and ensured people who didn't have too much of a prior programming base were able to keep up.
Learning about a subject you love was the best.
Absolutely everything like the lectures is so much interesting and the labs are so much engaging, our TA use to talk about so many internships and job opportunities which just increases the hope. Getting to know about other students' interests and amazing quantum computing questions that I was never going to. Overall it was an amazing experience to really be a part of these qubit-by-qubit Quantum Computing course. And if I will again get a chance to make a thanksgiving video next semester then I will give it for sure.  I am an introvert so it is really so much difficult for me to show up on social media but now I just realized that the experience was so amazing that I wanna share it with others despite all my personal reasons.

 

Thank you again for the amazing sessions, looking forward to getting more amazing content by qubit-by-qubit!
in semester 1 the things i liked the most are, first of all the quantum, it turned out more interesting when we started to dig into it more and more for every week. than actually the lecturers, they are great, and also i have never experienced myself in such field, so i think that course really challanged me in many apects. 
I got to learn a lot about Quantum Computers and I am curious to learn more 
I think my favorite part was the live lab sessions. I was able to ask the questions in my mind without hesitation that was awesome.
I enjoyed the live lab sessions and it was also interesting learning about quantum game.
The course structure is perfect. It gradually made us prepare for the higher and complex learnings of Quantum Computing. First it started to solidify the base in Quantum Mechanics, then moves to application of what we've learned by the help of Qiskit. It helps me very much and works good for my other peers also.
I like how we're being introduced to quantum computing from the basic building blocks of it
The ability of the instructors to explain tough topics so easily. Additionally, the live lab session as well as lecture recordings were quite useful in revisions.
First of all, the course is taught from the basics, which is very friendly to some people who don't know much about quantum computing. Also, the teachers helped us review before each lesson and asked for our feedback. Although we only attended the class once a week, I still remembered it well and was able to recall the points quickly.

Secondly, I like the labs, which allow us to apply the theoretical knowledge we have learned in time. The labs were very interesting, including python and virtual lab.The virtual labs help us visualize the quantum changes in a graphical way.

Finally, we were able to discuss various problems with each other during the course. Although there are still many unanswered questions about quantum computing, the teachers were able to do their best to help us learn more. The students often asked many interesting questions that expanded my thinking.
Semester 1 started with the basics which helped me to understand the later topics very clearly. Also the feature of re-watching the recorded lectures or lab sessions is outstanding.
Overall experience of semester 1 is nice, as I like the lecture, lab sessions and can easily watch the recordings. Also the h/w & lab assignments whether it is graded or not doesn't matter, but it is best for practice and to understand the actual concept of quantum computing how it works.

I hope that in semester - 2 I'll get to learn better and a lot more.
* The friendly, no-math approach to the content

* Being able to rewatch lectures and labs

* Being able to ask questions live during office hours

* Having someone walk through the homework (homework review)
The Idea of Quantum Computing and how companies like IBM are thriving to achieve certain goals in it within a particular time frame.
I liked the fact that we were able to rewatch the lectures or labs or watch them if we missed it and the homework has helped a lot with progressing my learning of the material.
I can not mention the course structure even thought I had some experience in the stem, It was so helpful. <3

You guys taught me everything form ABCs thank you.
I liked qiskit the most
What I liked most about the course was the easy way everything was explained and the fact that it didn't require too much of my time. I thought I would have to devote hours to it but I just have to spend one or two hours and gain fascinating, mind-blowing knowledge. 
Over-all the course is very educational, informative and helpful both personally and professionally.  Both the course administration, structure and content are very well prepared, administered, implemented and easily followed.  This is course is not only relevant and timely but most importantly provide a gentle introduction for me to explore more on quantum computing.
I am satisfied with the course of semester 1.
I think that it was really helpful to be able to rewatch the lectures and labs
liked the content and the flow of course structure
lecture, lab and office hours
I enjoyed learning about different topics though it was difficult to keep up with
I liked every aspect of this course from lectures, labs to MIT lab tour. In terms of content, I liked the introduction to the different physical resources for qubits like superconducting qubits, topological qubits, and trapped ions, etc. Moreover, learning the algorithm for quantum key distribution was most exciting part of entire lab sessions. The instructors are amazing especially the way they introduce new concepts and then review it multiple times during the course of the lecture. 
I, personally liked the course content and the syllabus structure. Cheat sheets, lab, and lecture recordings, office hours, and homework reviews, Q and A, what-if questions, hands-on experience in IBM Quantum lab, discussions were quite amazing and helpful to me. I would like to thank IBM quantum and The coding school for providing this course for free.  Looking forward to the next semester. 
Hi, This semester has been exciting and interesting to learn from scratch. The most helpful thing is the lecturer took the topic to the basic level That is so amazing.

Thank you.
Pace of the course and able to rewatch and lab helped me.

thanks
what we learnt in the course was really interesting and being able to actually code on quantum computers
I liked learning about the different math and physics concepts that made up quantum computing. It is hard to find resources describing these concepts in as much detail as you guys did, and I appreciated this knowledge. You guys also had a lot of insider info in this field, which I also appreciated in evaluating the current state of quantum computing.
I liked how it not only served as review of quantum physics/computing, but also as an introduction to advanced topics like coding in quantum computers and in depth on how they work
gates 
I highly appreciate the contents, the way each topic was taught in details , the lab sessions where we got a fair idea of how to apply the theoretical concepts in the real world.
The course structure and pace was very well thought out 
I liked that we had enough time to explore all the topics in detail, which a high-level explanation of the topics first.
The most exciting thing was the quality of the content and the interaction with the trainers.
I think the course design to be excellent for a novice.
I liked the tour of the lab.
The mentors were really excellent and helpful when it came to clearing doubts and the homework part helped us a lot in practicing and understanding contents to the depth.
I loved the teaching style used in lectures and also the slides 
it was fun to be the part of this course . mostly i enjoyed lab which was practical implications of the theory we had in theory classes.
The content is clear and interesting. Meanwhile, the lab session benefits a lot for memorizing key points of quantum computing.
I loved simulating circuits inside IBM. 
Their activities were well organized
I enjoyed the flexibility of the course with the recorded lectures and the recorded lab sessions. I'm currently attending college as an undergrad now and also working a job outside of it so having the ability to take this class at a time that works for me the best instead of having to change my entire schedule up to fit it into my week was very helpful!
The lab. Thomas Sielvert teachs so well
I liked how the class consisted of people from all over the world because it made me feel warm inside knowing that even though many of my classmates did not live in the same nation or state as me, we all shared a common interest in quantum computing. Furthermore, I liked how the lab sessions covered content that was going to be in the homework. The mixture of time spent on lab notes and lab notebooks was an effective teaching strategy compared to doing both activities separately. For the lectures, I liked how the lecturers would take the time to respond to a few student questions. Also, I liked having a break in the lecture, which allowed me to grab a snack or quickly stretch. Another thing I enjoyed doing was the homework because after completing it and seeing it run correctly, I felt accomplished and I really love that feeling.
It was super interesting to go further than just the surface level of quantum physics/computing and learn how everything actually works. It was also really cool to learn about the industry and the history/future of the field.
I really liked how much the presenters were concerned about whether the students were able to keep up and how they regularly checked up on us.
I like the course content. Everything was brief and understandable. Course structure was also good.
I love how I can relate the content back to my courses in highschool, especially with computer science and physics.
If there is anything that thrills me more in this course, is its awesome and amazing lectures and lab session. I feel it is well-established and organised, and make me have a deeper understanding of what is been taught.
For the QxQ course, something that I thoroughly enjoyed was the course structure and the simplicity through which the instructors explained complex topics in Quantum Physics and Quantum Computing.
In the first semester i learnt fundamental of quantum mechanics 
The content and the method of teaching from scratch. 
I liked how the topics were made easier to understand with various analogies and examples. The smaller review sessions in the middle of the lecture were also helpful as a way to gauge whether or not we really understood the different topics.
I got to explore about the field that has been a very less-known but a very incredible field. I thank everyone associated with this course for providing me this opportunity. Quantum Computing is a very interesting and innovative career and I would love to explore it a more in the next semester.
The contents of the course and the way they were taught was amazing. The pace was comfortable. I thoroughly enjoyed learning it all.
My favorite part of semester 1 is the fact that you can rewatch lab and lecture recordings, also that you can turn the work in late because a lot of things happened this year, and the fact that we students still have the opportunity to turn in work helped me a lot.
Lab assignments and simualtions
* Classical and quantum computing stacks

* Measurements

* Cryptography and introduction to quantum key distribution
Hello!

This course literally has leveled up my understanding of quantum computing. Specialty it happens that sometimes we attend live classes and lab but it don't workout for us like we can be confused so I must say recorded lectures and labs have helped me in covering the whole course.
The course structure and cheat sheet, sometimes I don't get the chance to attend live lectures, but the cheat sheet and summaries with the YouTube recorded video has help me quickly gasp the concept. 
I liked the introduction of quantum mechanics, quantum properties, and quantum computing.
Being able to experience not only the software side but also the theoretical aspect of quantum computing.
Review of python  
This semester was very nice. my confidence in my STEM skills has totaly increased , my  interest in quantum computing changed more interested.
I liked the amount of workload.
I like the fact that I was able to explore a subject that is not typically taught in high school. It allowed to gain firt-hand exposure to this new upcoming growing field and has further fueled my interest in diving into the world of quantum computing. 
The 1st semester gave an introduction to quantum physics and quantum computing. The most interesting thing about it was the lab session and homework, the hands on experience was awesome.
I like the order of things during the first semester, the way things were organised and structured with great value, one after the other. 

I also appreciate the quality of the materials we were taught with. 
     I really enjoyed lab sessions with my TA. Having the same person every week made it fun. I also enjoyed the challenge that this course brought me, I don't have the greatest STEM background so I was really glad to have such thorough explanations and assignments to follow. 
I appreciate the effort that was put into this course. 
i really liked the lab sessions and especially the instructor joe peetz was very helpful and made learning fun every time.
I think the content that you brought is very good. The content is designed for very beginner people, it helps me a lot for understanding quantum comp more.
I enjoyed how the course started from the very beginning and built the intuition from scratch as well as providinv mastery over the practical side with Qiskit.
i liked my ta's and the selection of labs that it has to offer
The course structure was really good, having access to materials outside the live events was always supportive and I felt challenged while not threatened by the content.
I liked the teachers because they helped a lot in helping me understand new concepts
I think it might be MIT lab tour.
 I loved learning about quantum computing and have learned a lot.
* Recorded lecture and lab sessions (I'm in an asynchronous lab session anyway). The recordings allows me to speed up, slow down, and rewind. This has been immensely helpful

 

2. The Q&A sessions with course content-related questions are helpful, too. I can hear others' thoughts: either questions I also have or something I haven't thought of

3. I wish the lab Jupyter notebook has keys readily available as not all the contents were covered in the lab

4. I thought the lecturers and lab lead were all pretty articulate. Their openness is very conducive to learning
The content is very well organized and the speed of delivery of content is just right. The instructors know what they are doing and are confident in their skills and it shows, they are able to answer the questions most of the time in the lecture itself. 
Creating games and simulating qubits with python code. I only had a little knowledge of coding before joining this class. And I am grateful for the lab sessions which helped me to increase my skill gradually with enough practice. And being able to simulate qubits and create coin games was only fun but also exciting to see how much I have learned and am able to do ( also half of the codes with given for these but I would remember the codes soon anyway). 
I liked the organization of the canvas page. It was structured and I could easily find what I needed.
The quality and passion of the staff and teachers at QxQ was amazing!
I really liked the teachers, the way they explained complicated concepts in an easy and accessible way, always willing to repeat when asked. The content was also very well prepared and all the support staff always willing to help.
I like how we shifted from basic to difficulty level gradually, learning this complex is not easy but this course mad it very easy to understand.
My background is not in STEM, but I have always loved it, and this course has opened a small window for me that I want to open more. I love the material because of its practical application on fundamental reality itself, and I would really love to continue exploring all these fascinating concepts. I don't want to stop, and I hope TCS can steer us in the right direction after semester 2, because I feel like it's possible with them and their expertise. I am so lucky to have found this course!
I really enjoyed the opportunity to see my code worked. I realized the change in what I actually want to do in life.

Even if not quantum coding, my interest in coding in general would fit my preferred lifestyle rather than doing something in the medical field (weekends off?). 

I really enjoyed the labs and really being “hands on” with the activities. I just got confused about the purpose at times and how us using Python is an example of that.

 
I really liked the structure of the course. The way we have a whole week to complete homework and on top of that have the lab to help us get familiar with the activities and summarize what was seen in the lectures.
I like the most interesting topic of the is teleportation.

In future I will continue my research on teleportation
The homework and how clearly the TAs explained the material.
I feel the best part about the course was the content and how it was delivered. The teaching staff and teaching assistance where phenomenal and  wonderful to learn from.
I really liked the way the course was taught since it was very understandable and didactic. I feel that this course can be taken by young people from high school to people who are doing an undergraduate or master's degree.

I really liked the laboratories and how they teach programming. Personally, programming has been a bit difficult for me so far in my undergraduate degree in electronic engineering, but here at QxQ it has been very easy for me.  The laboratories are very understandable.
The teaching assistant for lab 31, very helpful and helped me reinforce key concepts.
What I liked most about semester 1 of the course is learning new things about quantum computing like what superposition is and how qubits work. I also enjoyed having guest speakers and explaining more about how quantum computing works. Overall this class gave me a new experience and skills that I hope to use in the future.
I liked the content. I like all the math in it. I would like to have more math in it. I liked the homework review sessions. 
I really enjoyed every lab. Though they were quite a bit of work, they genuinely felt enriching and it felt great learning how to apply the concepts taught in the lectures!
I enjoyed doing the homework Jupyter notebooks.
I liked learning about the programming aspect of quantum computing.
The first session was very eventful and i gained a lot of knowledge learning quantum computing.
I like the level of difficulty. It seemed just right.

The lecture learning summaries are helpful and serve as a good reference.

The labs are right-sized. There is enough time to actually ask questions and have discussions with the TA.

I recommend separating homework and office hours in the rankings above. I found homework helpful, but not office hours. The homework review videos were vey helpful, the TAs were spot on, and the sequencing of homework questions with notebook activities was very well done. The learning concepts were clearly explained and the links to the notebook activities were very sound so that the questions and coding reinforced each othdr.
The thing that I appreciated most about the course was the freedom. Even if I missed a homework assignment or a lab, I found there was always something I could do to get back on track.
I liked my lab teacher and the live lectures. 
I liked that i got to understand some of the things that happen in the quantum computing world.
I liked the way that the TA's taught us with no prejudice whatsoever. Even with a very few knowledge,we were able to grasp some difficult concepts.
The lectures and labs were fantastic -- I feel like we got a depth of understanding in certain topics alongside a broad understanding of the state of the art and where we are going in the near-term with quantum computing.
Labs are too good getting great knowledge.
I liked how welcoming and slow the course went. There's no pressure to understand the material immediately and everyone is very helpful. 
I liked the lectures as they were interactive and a good way to learn conceptual material. 
I really liked the instructor and their behavior towards the students. They were really friendly and kind.
Lab work and homework helped to clarify what was learned in lecture.  I was also impressed by the knowledge of the lecturers. 
The course was very structured. And I am got opportunity to understand each stack of quantum ecosystem. 
very fun concepts, was able to learn so many new things and I can't wait to continue this next semester as well!
I liked the beginning the most since it was the basics of coding, which is really useful for a great variety of careers
I liked the pace that the content is taught 
The whole way the course is structured
I really liked everything about the semester 1 course. It taught me everything I wanted to know and even makes me want to learn more. The best part of semester 1, was the course structure. It was perfect. I really enjoyed this course.
Semester 1 of the Quantum Computing course has overall been amazing. Something that I really liked was the range of resources that were available, like live sessions, recordings, quizzes, homework help, etc. This is not an easy course, so it was helpful to have all of that available. Also, the course being online certainly has its own challenges sometimes, but a variety of resources for different students who learn differently has really made the process smoother. 
The best part about semester 1 was that things were taught in such a way it was easy to understand and how much I learned about STEM.

 
I liked the lab sessions, it was a good reinforcement of what we learned in lecture.
The fact that you guys were pretty comprehensive with our situations, also the energy of the tutors was special and good, overall this was an amazing experience and I'm glad I was part of it.
I loved being able to tie in all of the different quantum gates and attributes with coding.
The part that we did coding in IBM, that part was really fun. 
I really enjoyed and benefited by the fact that I could rewatch the lecture and lab recordings at any time. The lessons were easy and bite-sized and the fact that the slides of the power points always wrote the part that was analysed really helped to keep the lessons clear and not confusing in regards to the subject. I liked the friendliness of the staff and the comprehensive answers that they gave to the questions posed to them. In the labs, I felt part of a class, of a community which certainly gave me a better experience to the whole of semester 1.
I loved lab.  The class participation was good. The concepts are mind blowing and the possibilities for the future are so exciting. 
the professor in lab was very nice and explaining if there were questions 
I really liked my live labs, especially my own lab and tutor. I was able to know more about my own questions and get closer to the answer.
I enjoyed the live labs and technical hands-on activities the most.
The course structure is perfect, the content was challenging and interesting.
The course is well structured for the first semester. And the content is good enough to keep me interested in learning about QC.
the MIT lab tour
I like how I was able to learn something, because at first, I thought that I would quit early into the course and try again later next year or something. I was able to learn about the x gate, the z gate and all the other things.
The best thing is the interactive education
None.
I really liked the lab tour, as well as coding in IBM quantum experience. It was also nice to have a mix of the history as well as future steps in quantum computing.
I like how even though everyone came from different backgrounds, the style of this course was able to cater to all of us. The semester was extremely organized!
the labs were the best at practicing the material
Structured content.

Nicely customized LMS and its alerts.

Knowledgeable teachers
I really liked a lot the content and the way in which the panelits taught us 
I liked the subjects we covered and how they were explained very effectively; I found them very interesting. I also liked how much hands-on practice we got with Qiskit—it makes me feel confident about my skills on Qiskit and my ability to model Qubits or Quantum circuits.
the industry approach! we are getting a lot of information on how the industries are approaching this field and making room for research and applications for quantum computing.
I enjoyed being able to take a deep dive into how quantum computing actually occurs and what type of logic is applied to make quantum computing so interesting. 
The instructors and TAs were fantastic. The content was very good for an introduction, but I was hoping to see more in depth coding implementations.
I liked learning about the fundamentals of quantum computing and completing labs every week. Each lab reinforced the lecture content and I felt like I learned and retained a lot more information this way.
The Labs were very much hands on and the concepts walk through using code is highly appreciated. 
I really liked learning about the quantum key distribution and about the different gates. I also enjoyed doing the lab notebooks and being able to apply what I learnt to complete them. 
N/A. The weekly structure is brilliant for me, and the ability to watch recordings is invaluable.
Learning a variety of tools in labs that helped me better understand quantum computing, such as the laser lab and interactive Qiskit sessions
Lecture and lecture notes were great. 
Overall, I really liked the coding notebooks and the cheat sheets because they make everything so easy for me. Also rewatching lectures comes in very handy cause I needed a recap over the quantum hardware.
Having experts on each topic really helped me on understanding some key aspects about Quantum Computing. Also it gave me so much more perspective about the field and what are the possible carreer paths.
I am glad that I have had a chance to meet a lot of nice and inspiring people. I really enjoyed the PowerPoint Party. Furthermore, I was also happy about the fact that each topic was supplied with a practice Jupyter notebook, so we could try a lot of things by ourselves.
I liked the fact that I was put on a lab with people from all parts of the world who had a STEM degree already or were already working, so I felt I was with the right people. 
Lab lectures are so so good. And being able to rewatch it helps a ton!
The course content was linear with the lecture and the lab which help me understand a lot in this course.
I really liked this semester. It definitely made me look at quantum computing from a different perspective. If I have to choose I will say the lab sessions. The mentors were really nice and I felt like they really enjoyed teaching us.
What I liked the most is that the quantum field have been introduced in a way that is very beginner friendly, it was made in a way that removed all that scary part of the word "quantum". Also, I liked very much the concept summaries , they allowed me to get a quick grasp of the course without having to watch the full 1 hour lecture. I also like the cheat sheets that had all the basic code required to make the assignments.
Accessibility, content.
The computing with qiskit part. I have learned a lot of concepts from it.
Perfect
I really liked the organizers and How the mentor teaches us the content.

 
In semester 1 we learned the bases of Quantum Computer, so with this, I can continue learning more concepts and practicing algorithms etc to get even more familiar with quantum computing concepts, before this semester, a lot of concepts was unknown for me, so, after this semester I know a lot of concepts even I can apply then, at least, theoretically.

Now I have more knowledge of the field in where Quantum Computation can be applied, so now I have more ideas of how to start my startup based on data analisys and Quantum Computation.

Best Regars,

Jaafar Abuzid
Amir's presentations. All TA is the best but Amir is the top. his presentations was really clear and unique. thank you all. 
I liked how every activity encouraged us, students, to interact and ask questions. Whether it is a lecture or a lab session, questions were welcome no matter how obvious they were. This built confidence and curiosity to seek knowledge without feeling restricted. 
it is appreciable that the course started from very basic and they slowly increased its level.
How orderly things were - even if our lab teacher was absent there would be a substitute
Very helpful lab sessions and structured homework assignments.
The way it's organized.
I love how QubitxQubit gives me a lot of chances. Sometimes I forgot to do my homework, and there would be people emailing me saying that I can still do it and it will be graded as usual.
Everything! From the course introduction to the material organization to the content structure and management... All of it has been quite the blessing for me in a way. 

 
Whenever I had questions, Alex was very quick to respond to them during the live lab sessions. 
I enjoyed the content and especially the different physical qubit implementations.
I like the flexibility that comes with the course. I signed up for lab sessions on Saturday but was able to watch the Tuesday lab sessions to prepare beforehand and ask questions during my labs.
live lab
Hiii!! Overall, the first semester was really fun and interesting for me! Especially the live lab sessions! I met a lot of new students from all over the world. I’m really curious about the second semester and can’t wait to further indulge myself in the applications of these quantum properties. Looking forward to the second semester! 
It was a great course, as students were introduced to many subjects. The concepts were taught very well, and the hosts of each meeting did a great job of explaining and answering questions. Shoutout to Thomas!
Learning about quantum gates.
I really enjoyed the homework, sounds weird but I truly learned a ton from it and it was enjoyable to learn that way. 
I really appreciate the sequential manner of delivering the information in the most simplified way possible and leaving room for application and coding to work out the problems in ways other than theories.
Lab teacher was the best! Lessons with him were incredible.
I liked the part that we were able to practice coding but I couldn't run my codes and I reported it to Gabby but nothing has been done about it but in all they were fun, educative and innovative. I have come to love quantum computing 
What I liked most about semester one of the course is being able to code in the quantum lab, that is just amazing. 
The content was well-organized and easy to follow, I like the course structure and the way it was explained.
I loved the Quantum Games as well as the Quantum Quizzes the most . I also enjoyed coding on the IBM Quantum platform 
What I liked was that it was that the content was very interesting.
The lab TA was great. I also liked that I could watch lectures because I couldn't make it every Sunday.
Doing homework on my own really helped me understand the material better.
I liked the intuitive and challenging home works, lab sessions, as well as the entire course structure.
I really enjoyed the experience! I would like to be part of semester 2 too!
Quantum physics and manipulating qubits through circuits
I liked learning about Quantum Key Distribution. I also liked running code on a real quantum computer.
I liked my lab TA. He makes the subject material very understandable by providing excellent explanations. I especially like the quantum-related materials that were covered in this session. The course was quite interesting. I also like coding in the python language. Mostly, I liked visualizing the code on a black sphere.
What I like most about semester one is the lab notebooks, though its sometimes hard but i like the lab and homework notebooks.

I also like the lab sessions especially my lab session #28 handled by Addie, its fun.

And one last thing; the coin flip topic, i love the teaching, its so cool.
I liked meeting (online) people that I can relate to, with similar interests and goals, despite our different cultures.
THE PACE AND INTERACTIVE NATURE OF THE COURSE ARE EXCELLENT!

THE LAB SESSIONS REINFORCED UNDERSTANDING OF THE LECTURES. IT'S SIMPLY LEARNING BY DOING!

GREAT JOB!
the lectures were well organized.
I liked coding labs like when implemented BB84 QKD. They are fun and interesting.
I enjoyed the lab sections the most during semester 1, especially the last few meetings since we got to review with kahoot and learn about some fun quantum games! 
I enjoy the coding incorporated in the labs. Python is fun and I enjoy learning the quantum side of python.
The coding part.
the best thing about the course was learning additional informations which was interesting to research about after lectures!
I liked the live lab sessions as they helped me review what I had learned from the lecture and the TAs would give me quick feedback.
The ability to understand what is happening without having to struggle much
being able to understand quantum computing from scratch 
Coding with qiskit
i really loved the concept of LABS and how it made me familiar with IBM quantum
The structure of the course content is great.
It was a good introduction to quantum world
The lectures, recorded labs, the way things were taught, the excitement and enthusiasm from all teachers and instructors!
I liked the labs most
I loved the course content.
I liked the lab sessions, they helped me a lot throughout the semester 1.
Liked the interactive lab sessions and the assignments. Well organized.
Coding
I enjoyed the course structure. Having the PDF with all the teachings every week was great to revise what we had learned.
I liked how the structure of the course was easy to follow and how you are given a week to finish the homework assignment, I also really liked the lesson about qubits and NISQ because it helped me better understand the state of quantum computers and how it's almost impossible with current technology to make them NISQ free, however, I the future there might be better improvements within the production of these qubits that makes them more tolerable to NISQ devices..
Quantum Key Distribution
The content was very fascinating. Although the homework was a bit challenging, it gave me a hands on approach. Which personally is the best way I learn. So I am really grateful for that opportunity.
Practicing during the labs.  Recordings to review
Getting to learn Quantum Computing from people who are actually working in this field or people from academia who are studying Quantum Computing technologies is what I liked the most about the program.
I enjoyed the overview of quantum computing and its history and potential future so it wasn't just technical info.
I think the thing I liked the most was the way Quantum topics were eased in, especially in a high-level sort of way, so that it didn't come across as overwhelming while still being engaging. I'm hoping that the second trimester will build on this and go much more in-depth now that the basics of a quantum mindset are in place.
I really liked the coding exercices but overall everything was great !
The notebooks.
I found the content very interesting, and the recordings were very helpful to reference back to.
2 things. Firstly the availability of labs and lectures recordings. It made it quite easy to understand topics that was being talk abt cos u can watch them many times over till u are able to get the an idea abt wat is being said.

Secondly allowing us to attempt the test and quizzes many times over. 
I enjoyed the chill atmosphere of labs that helped me to stay engaged and motivated! The lack of pressure makes the course a lot easier. The course was also extremely accessable to me as a neurological disorder!
The MIT lab tour led to a significant spike in interest about the nitty gritties of QC inner workings. Would absolutely love delving into it a bit more. Love the structure of the entire semester since it isn't pressurizing in any way and requires consistency. 
I really liked the simplicity of the first semester. It taught everything in a very easy and simple way. Learning gates and how they can be applied in Qiskit was pretty cool.
The organized course content, it gradually gets easy especially for those who haven't been prepared for such a difficult subfield. 
The live labs. (:
Being able to understand the basics of quantum computing while being able to balance it with other things; the summary materials were easy to comprehend and accessible. 
Course content and teachers 
The introduction to Quantum Computing was a perfect opportunity to learn and it was great as a overall great introduction with perfect beginning.
I really loved the labs and the curriculum which helped me understand Quantum Computing clearly. Thank you for this wonderful curriculum.
I like how interactive the Lab sessions are . Students having access to the tutor is just so helpful. I love how the lectures were adjusted to fit my tight schedules. Lastly, I really love the cheat sheets. It was most helpful. 
I really loved the lectures especially when I cannot attend the session, I can watch it and rewatch it to understand more.

I also loved the diversity and multiculturalism in this program.

Thanks, Qubit by Qubit!!
I enjoyed being able to listen to lectures live and then make notes through recordings which means that I can also revise and better understand the content. My favourite content was learning about the different quantum gates and how quantum properties are different from classical properties.
Quantum Key Distribution? Because I’ve been working on cryptography (e.g. RSA) for a few years now as a student so this is very relevant and exciting to me.
I really loved the pace of the entire course and felt that the lab sessions along with theory went hand in hand and I was able to visualize and code in qiskit. This course gave me a foundational understanding and I am looking forward to the next semester
TA degree panel, MIT lab tour
It was good but the course was too easy and would not help aspirants to enter enterprises based on this little knowledge. I think the difficulty needs to be increased for each lecture.
The presentations of the lecturers are easy to follow
Our labs, lab 32 is really good imo
Was good but i am on ashychronus labs so sometimes getting the code for the attendace form is really hard. Becuase of that i missed week 10 and 11 attendance. Maybe moving a bit fast as well.
The labs, they were very indepth, and the forced concept repetition of coding was excellent i.e qc=QuantumCircuit(x,x)... excellent!
I liked the course structure a lot. The live labs and weekly assignments made it easier to grasp the concepts even better after the lectures. My lab mentor is great too and try to answer all our queries in that one hour.
course spanning different topics and labs.
at the end of this semester , i was amazing by live lab and many chat we have with our teacher assistant and i always like MIT tour lab and i think we will have more events like  this in second semester
Especially lab hours were very productive for me. In addition, Office Hours and homeworks were very useful for me as they reinforced my knowledge.
The simple way in which we were introduced to quantum computing was fascinating!
I really enjoyed the content of the course. I discovered that I have a big interest in quantum computing.
The topics are explained very clearly and everything is formulated in an extremely exciting way. I got the feeling that quantum computing is much closer than I first thought.
Learning how to send our code to an actual quantum computer was pretty amazing.
The simplicity of the explanation of subjects within quantum computing.
I liked the overall course structure, like how the course started from the basics and then went on to advanced stuffs like QKD and coding on a real quantum computer.
Rather than doing only basics in the first sem and more complex stuff in second sem, the first sem was nicely structured to learn complex topics which was at a very good pace. 
I felt like the fact that you could choose when you had your live lab section just made everything more accessible.
It was time bounded and interesting.
I really enjoyed learning all the new information about a subject I never would have immersed myself in prior to this course. I really enjoyed the raw conceptualization of the Qubit and the incredible ideas of Quantum mechanics. Both the Labs and the Lectures were very informative, and I was grateful to have the opportunity to learn both python and qiskit with the homework.
The best part of this semester is lectures and home work and the mentors the way they explained the difficult topics of Quantum mechanics to us.
The way the course was structured helped me to grasp from fundamental roots to complex topics very swiftly and easily and the recorded lectures and lab helped to revise and revisiting them also helped with many of my doubts and concepts to be cleared my lab TA is a very kind enthusiastic person and does bring excitement to learning.
I love everything about this course! It has just right amount of everything. The overall framework of this course is just amazing. The faculties were just wow! 
I liked the pacing of the first semester and the review over python. It helped a lot, and the pacing made it easy to keep up with work.
The explaination about Quantum concepts and its application on Quantum Circuits and on IBM platform . 
I like that semester 1 course helped me learn about Quantum courses more even though I couldn't do the homework assignments. 
I liked how we were able to go over the lab recordings if we were ever stuck, and that this course has expanded my knowledge overall on introductory quantum physics and has broadened my interest in the field 
The content and structure. The best course for starters or curious in the field.
The contents encourage me to be more excited to watch semester 2.
I enjoyed our teachers. They knew what they were talking about and could answer any question.
Loved the byte-sized content of the semester. It was easy to go through and understand though there are still some concepts that I'm not thoroughly familiar with. 
I enjoyed the ability to work at my own pace. Being able to watch and or rewatch course material at my leisure allowed me to focus on the joy of learning Quantum Computing as opposed to being overburdened with copious quantities of work.
I liked the course content and delivery by Amir and Fran. Lab sessions by Sanskriti is excellent. I would like to get same people for Semester 2 as well.
the course structure was excellent. helped me learn a lot of topics very easily.
I liked the fact that the labs explain everything clearly and can be rewatched later on.
Everything was fine
Wasn't too slow.
The way QC explained in easy to understand and remember. I think I get a good solid fundamental. Also, it is fine chunk of lecture every week, though I can include it my busy schedule. 
It's okay 
Well-assisted Lab Sessions and good hands-on exercises our TA was very good at helping and leading you to arrive at a correct answer and explained well. The Quantum Circuit part for me was the best and having access to IBM Quantum computers. The important concepts and complex ideas in Quantum Mechanics, Quantum Physics in relation to Quantum Computing had been also handled by the lecturers very well. They were very encouraging too and emphasized top-level understanding and relates real-world examples to help aid understanding of hard topics. The lab tour brings you  to the real world quantum computing showing a real lab setting and understanding of physical limitation and constraints of quantum implementation of hardware. 
I liked how the students were more than happy to help one another.
I liked the sequence and overall content of the lectures. I thought they were well put together and explained well
The entire training plan has been great thus far, but I got to admit that I enjoyed the lab sessions the most. Especially when we run simulations on IBM's platform. It's just been amazing!
I liked the main course and learning process of quantum computing. I liked the idea that we had people who could teach it and we could follow along with the lab while learning quantum computing.
Quantum Key Distribution was without a doubt my favorite content of the course. I also appreciated how much coding work we do on Qiskit - it was helpful seeing the theoretical concepts we learn applied to physical programming!
Lab practice on IBM quantum experience, home work and lectures are amazing and very helpful to make curious to learn more about quantum
The lab activities
The pace of the course is great for me.
The thing I appreciated most about this semester was the choice and variety of topics that were introduced, because insights are possible for in-depth study on an individual basis.  
It was good 
The introduction was great, and the organization of the content was wonderful. Expectations and tasks were clearly communicated. And the content was balanced for students of all skills (new and experienced). However, I am hoping for a lot more complicated concepts next semester.
the fact that I learned how to write quantum code
I came to learn about a new topic "Quantum Key Distribution". This makes me more excited.
I liked the IBM lab tour , lab TA's are very helpful , and mostly lectures are great 
How broadly we went with what we learned, it really felt like a blanket education on the basics of current quantum computing as opposed to a mishmash of relevant segments. 
The recorded lecture.The content was good. 
I loved the labs.
I liked my lab TA Addie.
I liked the reviews of old topic like a brain refresher.
I really enjoyed the format.
I liked that we could ask questions and that they could be answered. I was also very infatuated with the information that we learnt in lecture. I appreciated when the code of how to practically apply a quantum concept was provided during the lab and when they gave more real life examples to help us understand quantum properties, such as the basketball examples.
I liked the flexibility of semester 1 the most, as I could still catch up when I missed a week of content.
For the semester 1, overall structure with the curriculum was well-defined. I understood the fundamentals concepts with the help of examples discussed in the lecture. I think I have cleared basic concept of quantum quite well. I really appreciate the entire team involved in lecture session, lab(Nora), Homework review sessions and other activities. Looking forward to the Semester 2 which would be interesting to explore the application domain in Quantum. 
Programming the quantum Computer part.
Theory Classes

Labs 

Homework 
Its really great that I get to answer this question.  I now love quantum computing. Or just quantum mechanics in general. The fact that no we can describe things indescribable through classical physics. Its really amazing. The simulations! The CODING! Its just so delightful. The math involved. And I loved the math the most and cant wait for more "quantum math" and coding of course!!!!!!!!!

 

THANK YOU QUBIT BY QUBIT!!!!!!
The lab sessions and how our TA was able to help us get through difficult parts of the homework or difficult concepts which made it fun rather than stressful.
As I was new to the quantum field, I've found the course very fascinating and a great beginning to my quantum journey. Thank You for the great opportunity.
I really like having the lab sessions because it helps me understand what we went over in lecture better. It's also fun to learn about quantum computing in a smaller group.
The lecture summary provided a greate recap. The labs were very helpful and helped me understand the concept much better.
I enjoyed the parts where we learned new concepts in quantum physics the most.
I really liked learning about Quantum Key Distribution.
I liked it
The lectures.
I really enjoyed how the course was structured as well as the labs.
I really appreciated all the feedback I got on any questions or concerns. All my questions were able to be answered swiftly and efficiently.
To start off, I love all the content thought to us. Excellent teachers and amazing classes.
I really enjoyed the lab sessions throughout this semester. It motivated me to study for this course as it woke me up at 2 in the morning, it is quite a hassle to manage but its livable.
It was a basic course. It was fine.
It was very interesting
the connection between the classic computer and quantum computer, and the potential of the new applications 
Labs and Some of the lectures that were very interesting
Lectures and labs
I liked the labs that they did as I felt it was a good mix of programming and quantum application. 
I liked attending the labs.
Course was well structured and not heavy at all.
I liked the fact that I learned a lot about quantum gates and QKD.
I loved the flow of all the lectures which made the transition a lot easier from the classical computing to quantum computing
* Structure / infrastructure is very good.  Well Done.

* Qiskit work.  This was awesome.

* The last few weeks of lectures were very good.

* Working on the homework & labs were the best.  I want to do more of this soon.

* The QxQ staff and instructors were the best!!

 

I would like to be a QxQ Ambassador !!
Interactive and full of Knowledges 
literally everything :D
I really enjoyed working through the labs and learning somethings through the recordings that I didn't know about Quantum computing before starting this course
The course was very effective and has fulfilled my level of expectation. Not so difficult not so easy.
I liked the labs a lot as they thoroughly taught the material.
I like how interactive this course is, the courses I have done earlier and thus was not able to solve problems in the real time. I like how my doubts are solved in the real time during the Lab sessions.
One thing I really liked about this course was the lab sections and the interactive questionnaires that we had occasionally with teachers and fellow batch mates. Along with this, there was one more thing that really interested me comparatively and that was the MIT lab tour. It really gave me an insight what my dream place actually looks like. 
Lab sessions
I really liked lab sessions as the students can learn a lot from the lab sessions and all
I really like the interaction which was possible in live labs with TAs to discuss our problems and the various questions we had. Other than that I was greatly impressed by all the resources provided to us, such as the lab and lecture recordings as well as the cheat sheets.
Quantum gates were the most interesting things I learnt in this semester.
The managing of time and the periods of the main session and the lab session.
I thought this course was very well-structured in terms of the weekly lectures and labs.
The whole course was very well planned. I was a bit nervous as I knew nothing about quantum computing however the whole semester was very well structured. The whole course content was easy to follow along. The recorded lectures helped a lot as I could use them for my review. The recorded lab classes also helped me get a heads up before my own lab class. All the sessions were highly interactive. I also loved the MIT Lab Tour. My interest for quantum computing has definitely increased significantly over the whole semester and I'm excited to start again in semester 2.
The teaching method
I liked that I had a lab that fit my schedule and that if I needed help or to watch the video again it was available in Canvas.  Canvas was awesome because I could find everything there!
What I liked most about semester 1 of this course is that it helped me relearn my skills in python coding and taught me a new and exciting use for it in coding for quantum computers.
I most liked learning how to use different gates to produce different states.
in this semester i what i liked most was practical experience we got in lab
I loved the organization and spread of content throughout the semester and overall the timing of everything throughout the week.
The course gave an overview of QC without complication or scaring me away from the topic. I feel confident to take on more in-depth topics in QC.
I like how fun everything was in our lab sessions, how we all had the chance to interact with our TA and ask random questions, and that he always took the time to answer additional questions since we all had so many questions.
I loved the fact that every topic was explained in a detail manner. The lab sessions were very informative and I learned a lot of new concepts. But the highlight was the MIT lab tour. I never thought I would be given the opportunity to view the hardware lab of MIT. I thank the coding school and the organizers for creating this wonderful and insightful course. 
When I started this course, I knew nothing about Quantum computers or how they work. Since I started this course, my knowledge in the domain has grown extensively. 
oftentimes, I find myself explaining the concepts I learn from the course to my friends and colleagues.

I love it.
I really liked how convenient the course was. It's an online course so things are bound to go wrong because the time range doesnt fit everyone's schedule but with the setup of this class, everything was easier and more efficient which really encouraged me to learn and do better. 
Content and delievery
I liked how we were given an overview of so many concepts in QC. The Labs were extremely helpful and the Lectures were very interesting. Over the course of a few weeks I learned so much in this field.
I really liked the content of the course and the opportunity to revise the lectures in the recording.
Mostly I watched you tube recorded videos and right now I didn't complete them because of my Accedemia mid and end semester examinations but enjoying this course.
I liked how quantum computing was introduced in a very simple manner to understand the concepts first.
I really liked learning about quantum cryptography and encryption. I find that really interesting!
I like how well each topic is explained so that even people like me ,who have no experience with coding, are able to understand the work.
There is more than one thing that I liked about the course. First of all, the quality of the content presented through the lecture and lab are exceptional. Each week that passes by, provides insights into a wide array of topics which interests me a lot. The course instructors and TA were of much help and they made the course a lot interesting. 
Concentrate on doing more exercises on programming new algrothms in details!
The content was easy to digest. The staff has been nothing but helpful and the implication levels are exemplar. I have discovered my interest in quantium physics and quantium computing so this is the reason I will also join you in the second semester. 
Overall Great
I feel lucky having had the chance to program a real quantum computer.
I really enjoyed the opportunity in learning how to code whether that was at first in Python or later on in Qiskit! Moreover, knowing that you're being taught about complex concepts that the vast majority never comes across in their lifetimes, is quite the affirmation and this school did an excellent job showcasing that, while also making it fun and interesting even for us who had no prerequisites in coding - let alone quantum coding!
The overall experience is great. I lIked the content depth and how it was rolled out... from basics  to more complex ideas. I liked all the facilitators.

I'm looking forward to sem 2. THANKS!
It was far easy than i expected and i am now more confident in my skills
The semester 1 of the course gave me an all round foundational knowlwedge in Quantum computing. Before this course, I just heard of the term 'Quantum Computing' and never known its potential. But, after completing the semester 1, I was able to appreciate its part in the future of computing. I loved the MIT lab tour and the TA panel sessions in the course. I never felt burdened with the course, the contents were represented in an easily consumable manner, I enjoyed to the core throughout this semester.
I loved the teacher and the course structure.
I really liked the schedule because I could watch my lecture and understand the topic while taking notes and then with the lab sessions I had an opportunity to grasp the concept even more. On top of these, the homework really helped me understand the topic fully.
 

Hello,

 

The content of the course  was very informative. 

 
The first semester in my opinion served as a fine introduction to the idea of Quantum Computing as a whole. While I don't think it is a perfect entry point for someone new to quantum mechanics as a whole, I feel like the computing side of it was fairly well covered. 

In short, it serves as a really good introduction to the way quantum mechanics is being used tro solve computation problems.
What I liked the most about semester 1 was learning about the history of Quantum and physics during lectures.
I loved that I got to learn more about Quantum Computing and grew my interest for it, and I loved that there are many people around the world who are also taking this course. 
I liked the up-to-date and graphic (easy to understand) content of the lectures and industry context that was provided. 
Quantum computing is more interesting. Lab section practice are increasing a knowledge 
Its a very new topic and its interesting
All the different approaches to quantum computers helped us understand them as a whole: a bit of physics, a bit of history, some coding, some theory. I like that the course doesn't focus on just one aspect of the computers. 
well organized
I really liked everything that you offered for us. It is such a great opportunity. I really liked lectures and teachers they were really entertaining, interesting. it was a loving environment. I really liked it
The jupyter notebooks were pretty cool. I'm glad the course was more interactive and hands-on.
Introduction and repetitions made it wasy to follow along.
I really liked my TA and lab.
I believe the material is very well organized. I think you should be very clever to explain something complicated clearly and as easy as possible. thanks a lot. I really appreciate it. thank you. I think my mind is ready to dive into to more detail explanation and math in next semester.
Everything was amazing. The lectures, assignments, lab sessions, summary notes were extremely helpful.
Getting to apply the concepts in labs.
The lectures were very good.
Something that i really liked about semester 1 was that I was able to learn with multiple different resources. the Course instructors were always so helpful, especially understanding when I needed help or extensions. Overall, it was a very fun and safe environment to learn something new. 
it was good

got to learn new things
The teaching and support staff was very cooperative. It was an amazing thing. Also the course content was designed nicely so that it could be understood and can also create interest for the field.

 
Everything is interesting !

 
I liked being able to run code on a real quantum computer.
It was easy to follow on and the pace was just right. Not too fast, not too slow. The level of difficulty was also just right.
I liked the quizzes.
The labs were the best parts, in my opinion. Not only was my instructor wonderful, and helped to create a more eased atmosphere for learning without being super strict and formal (although he was always sure to redirect us if things ever got too far off-track), but the fact that we have an actual community and actual peer in the labs we can interact with made it better in a way I cannot easily describe in words. What we learned generally in a week's lecture, we were able to apply to apply in the lab, and the ability to actually apply a concrete understanding and purpose to these skills encouraged me a lot to pay more attention. The labs, by far, were some of the best parts of this first semester.
I liked learning about quantum computing and the different quantum concepts like superposition and entanglement.
I liked the structure of the course, about how we get the options of live lectures and watching recordings.
Lecture and Lab deliverance, the slides are very simple to digest
I loved how structured the course was and I didn't find any difficulty connecting one lesson to another. It was well thought out and it can really take a complete beginner into someone with strong fundamentals on quantum computing. Add to that the instructors on both lecture and lab, who demonstrate good expertise especially when answering questions. 

 
Quantum Lab
I like everything about the course.
what i liked most about semester 1 was how we have a good amount of time to work on our assignments 
I like the course structure . It’s just the right pace for everyone . I have already taken an introduction to quantum computing course on edx but still this was equally interesting . I loved the history of quantum computing parts of lectures 
It was a great introduction to Quantum Computing! The concepts were easy to understand. The assignments were pretty good too!
I really enjoyed learning about quantum logic gates and networks in this course. It was fascinating to see how these fundamental building blocks of quantum computation can be used to perform operations on quantum states in ways that are not possible with classical computers.
I enjoyed learning all of the content , mainly how to create circuits and the actual coding.
The lab sessions. See things in action makes me more interested in the topic.
My favorite aspect. of this course was the emphasis placed on actually getting us interested AND involved. We didn’t just talk theory, we talked about how to tackle problems in QC and the applications. It felt real, like we actually had a role to play in this field!
It was social events!
The coding tasks that we received when  the beginning of the course. Previously I didn’t really know how coding worked, so learning how to code was interesting. 
You kept it fun!
The course started from level zero and took us through an amazing journey. It had the right level of complexity and the problem sums helped to deepen the understanding of what we learnt. Special shoutout for the homework review sessions that helps immensely for clarifying doubts
The friendliness gestures of the instructors. Their kindness and trust that we'd catch up are next to none. I love them! 
I liked the course system, which did not change due to emergency circumstances during the past 11 weeks. The lectures and office hours remained on time, and everything prompted me to complete this program with a full degree. Therefore, I enormously thank the organizers of this course, which I added to my weekly routine in the 11 weeks that passed.
I learned the intricate ideas of Quantum Computing as well as its applications when we simulated quantum circuits using the Python library Qiskit. I also learned the history behind quantum computing like its origin and many of those who have contributed to the field. Similarly, I also learned where Quantum Computing is heading in the future and its potential applications to real-world problems of today's world.
I liked when I actually understood the concepts that were presented and I was able to do the homework on the first try. That was a good feeling, because it often was not that easy. It was also great to know that the studentsupport was alsbald there in case of questions.
I loved how interactive but easygoing our lab teacher was. It was a pleasure being taught by him and he makes sure you understand everything he says.
i absolutely loved the MIT Lab tour.

Another thing I love the most is how we are able to ask questions in class. I think that's invaluable.
I enjoyed the exercise course a lot. It made me understand a lot of concepts. 
When my simulation on my homework would work!
A good introduction to the quantum field. 
practicing with quantum gates
Generally every little bit 

I genuinely fell in love with the Quantum Computing again..at first I was hesitant in doing this course but as time passed and I learnt more and more... I became even more intrigued and curious and thus led my interest in it to further increase and increase. Hope I feel the same way for Semester 2.. 
The flexible class time and stable homework arrangement allow me to form a good study that follows the regularity of time.
The way the content is mingling with what is actually happening in the technology world. It is served with a great emphasis on relevance and the prospect of how technology (rather computing) will progress to be more specific.  Very eye opening and intriguing.
The lessons are reviewable and able to be revisited.
It is very easy to understand.
The great explanations, interactivity and spaced repetition.
I really liked our teacher. #19
The thing I liked most about semester 1 of the course is how they introduced what the quantum computing world is as it made me quickly develop a lot of interest. 
Learning how to using superposition to form the backbpne of quantum computing.
I like the practice about the coding and quantum computing part.
The way the concept are presented and introduced is awesome and are applied in lab. thank you
I like the course structure and lectures. I also like the IBM Quantum experience simulation. 
The lab sessions with the notebooks having questions section-wise and the recap little section were the most fantastic part of this course. I got a lot of hands-on experience!
New codings and new knowledge about our world 
The way the course wa structured, the homework were really helpful aswell as the review sessions. Summary sheets provided really did helpful. 
Being able to ask questions to a professional in the field of quantum computing 
I love how interactive this course is and, although the material is sometimes difficult to understand and the lectures are fast-paced, there are recordings that you can always go back to watch. 
The topics in the lectures were very interesting and informative.
I really liked learning about the Bloch sphere. I thought it was realy interesting how gates physically changed the state of an entity. I've been doing qnatum physics for so long now, but I was always really into the theoretical aspect (tunnelling, particle physics etc.), however I learned that so many of these concept can be very well represented using physical entities. Thank you for tha!
I liked the content a lot, it was easy to follow, and the labs helped a lot with my understanding. 
I liked the way we could rewatch content we missed so we could go at our own pace if the lecture was too fast.
The content covered
The explanation of the difficult topics
I liked how the course was compatible with me as a high school student. The content isn't tough to understand. I also felt confident with the labs, my TA Adam was so friendly, he always helped us. And this course has changed my view of myself a bit.
Being my second live online course, it redefined my idea of what an online course is. The lecturers enthusiasm in the field inculcated enthusiasm and interest towards the field in me also. The course content was organised perfectly. My understanding of Quantum Computing has certainly improved and I'm more confident in saying "I know quantum computing" now. 
About the fact that the content of the course is easy to follow and the TAs always recite the ideas in the lab sessions.
I really love the course structuring of this course because I am taking this for high school credit. Being able to watch the lab recordings is a life-saver. 
I liked everything I learned so far. The circuits, entanglement, the history of Quantum computing and where we are today, the lab exercises were also great. The possibility to use IBM Quantum site and the Python Notebooks was also damm good. 
I have M.S. with specialization in quantum mechanics. I joined this course just to know how an international course looks like and I really liked it. I learned to code in python and get to know about QISKit library. Both the lecture classes and lab were awesome. They explained the concepts so well that I don't have any doubt as far as I understood. I am so much excited about the 2nd semester. Thank you 'The Coding School', 'Qubit by qubit' and 'IBM Quantum', for such a wonderful course.
Learning to work with IBM Quantum Lab and Qiskit was the best part, IMO.
I liked the summary pdfs - they helped me a lot in my understanding and the homework; the lecture review was also helpful. One of my favorites was the MIT Lab Tour. 
I liked doing the lab and working in the IBM quantum lab. 
I like the way of organization where I can get the link before the course starts and it saved in my calendar. The content of course is really useful for us where we all started from the basics of everything, then coming to the lab section which is my favorite where we are free to interact with the mentor.
The concepts taught in lectures, summary sheets and practical application in lab classes are the things that I liked the most about semester 1. 
What I enjoyed the most was the follow-along exercises in the labs and sharing our results in the chat. 
Great lectures, fun labs, and a great tour of an actual quantum computing lab.
I enjoyed lectures a lot, because they were very interesting and easy to understand. The fact that we started this semester with some training on Python basics and Quantum Mechanics helped me become fully immersed and familiar with the quantum computing concept. Also, the lab was a great place to put my knowledge into practice. Overall, it was an excellent semester!
I really liked my instructor which really helped me get through the course with her excellent teaching. 
I loved lecture session a lot. that is fabulous. I used to download and later watched carefully with great focus. I took sometimes 6-7 hours to finish that lecture in real time. Lab class was my best experience in my life. I first time coded together after watching lab video in IBM Lab. I typed again and again codes , that really cleared my all doubts. Now I don't feel fear to code. even I noted in copy, that worked always.

I really wanted lab class so if that could go beyond 60 minutes, I would spend more time on coding.

modules I checked after 7 weeks. assignments were confusing in beginning " how to upload assignments"

The coding school account detail should be explained in video for newcomers. I had problems in starting 4 weeks to understand that. I know there is no real human behind this canvas to help. so we learn after mistakes.

But at the end I loved zoom classes which changed my entire way of view. Not I take great interest in Quantum Computing. I watch more YouTube videos about that. I know I will collect endless information about that.

 

Thank you QxQ, IBM Lab and The coding School for this great semester.
I liked that we got to code , give instructions to a computer, and put what we were learning into practice.  
I liked the introduction and the constant emphasis that quantum computing is challenging and still be being researched, and the assurance that we'll be taken through everything slowly and steadily.

I was also in awe of the effective and efficient communication which was quite instant! 

My experience was just that, and I am very grateful to everyone especially the lecturers and TAs.
Though our section's TA was not suited for me, I couldn't connect to her, the TA of recordings was great, I could connect to him easily, and I could easily get what he was trying to say!

Also, Fan was great, awesome. Her lectures made the concepts easy.
The lectures were really cool and gave me a fresh perspective about many of the ideas that I had studied already. 
The content of the course 
My interest in quantum computing has always been strong, and I want to pursue a career in it. This course has greatly assisted me in learning the fundamentals of quantum computing from some of the best experts in the field, and it has also enabled Mr. to create the ideal learning path for me to understand quantum computing from scratch.
Interactive labs where we can ask our doubts live.
All the essentials were provided, be it recording, lecture snippets, codes, etc... but the standout thing is the management of the weightage of content for each week was balanced so well. It helps a lot when someone like me is already working to catch up during my free time. The contents were minimal and subtle. Well done.
I enjoyed lab interaction. Ability to ask questions and get a response. 
Also, the instructor demonstrated to us a job opportunity that helped motivate the group in general.
I like the knowledge that QxQ teaches, it's interesting and I feel like I learned a lot.
I loved the content of the course. While doing homework, I like to figure something out if I can't do it on the first try. So the summaries and cheat sheets were really helpful. I think it would b great if you can organize them week by week on another page here it would be easier to access.
Just learning about it
I think the introduction to the quantum concepts was so much important for me and it was very well explained, mainly when there were metaphors!
The thing that I liked the most is that we learned more deeply into STEM.
everything.
I loved the content as it has been very fascinating to learn about these brand new things that I dodn't know about before. Also, the lectureres are just amazing. They really can get you to understand the information in the simplest way.
I really liked the possibility of being able to review the lessons and the laboratory. I also found the review week very helpful.
I like its flexibility, which allow every students to attend the course at any time. The other is the note which is given as course summery.
it is great.
I loved the more theoretical part of quantum physics, like the properties and such. Basically the physics side of things. I loved lab sessions, they’re so much fun! Having the recorded sessions was also pretty neat. Sometimes I find myself lost in certain points, so I just rewatch the lecture, lab session, homework review, etc.
I like the pacing of the lessons.

The labs are also informative and give enough examples.

I also like that there are recordings of the sessions.
being able to watch it on my schedule. Also the content was great! 
I like the contents, lectures and lab classes of this semester most. The lectures are excellent to catch the concepts. 
I actully like to do homeworks the most as it was really  interresting as well as exciting to solve them beside that i must appreciate the way lecturers has represented and explained all the topics to make us understand .
Progress through the Quantum Stack.

Simplification of key concepts was excellent.
Homework and lab assignment helped to gain more insights about the topic.
I liked the foundation of quantum computing that was given. 
lab sessions with hands-on practice

 
The course just made me more confident and more intrigued in understanding how to do coding/programming. Learning also how to do and interpret Qiskit function applications was a skill I didn't expect to experience.
I liked the part of encryption/decryption the most as well as coding in Qiskit to design solutions. It has also helped me a great deal with python in general.
Quantum computing 
The way of teaching was the best.
I liked the content and the way the course was organized.
The lectures were the most interesting for me. I learned a lot of new concepts.
The content and course structure. I love how there are lectures and then live labs in smaller groups for better engagement, as well as office hours, and homework reviews. The course covers a lot of material but does a great job at making sure it is very well understood even if a lot of those concepts are counterintuitive.
It's so helpful I've learnt alot just the right things I needed for my journey in computing 
Multiple attempts on quizzes
It was fine overall. 
Alex is a great teacher and i like his energy 
The live labs and tour were the best part of Semester 1. The PowerPoint presentations were really on point and easy to understand too!
the option to view lectures after hours..... gives one flexibility 
Cheat sheets, flexibility of the course
I cam to know about many new things. I enjoyed a lot.
-Everything that has been taught till now is very interesting. I liked each and every part
I enjoyed how friendly the TAs were and how they were always happy to answer questions. I also enjoyed how the lecture and lab sessions were easily available online when I couldn't get up early enough for the classes (due to timezone differences).
I liked the well structured labs and courses.
The lecture was structured and to the point. The contents are understandable and most of all the method of teaching or evaluation is not grade oriented it is knowledge oriented. This teaching method helped me to gain deeper understanding on the course.
I liked the fact that there was a tour of the Quantum Lab facility and discussions about the physical representations of qubits. The Research scholar was able to show the quantum chip in person. I feel that brought a difference in thinking about this subject.
I liked the homework and quizzes. They helped me understand the particular topics better and helped me to see, if I didn’t understand something. Because if I didn’t, I’d be able to go the Homework Review, which I appreciated. 
the recordings and PowerPoints were good and you guys made it easy to understand and simplified sich’s complicated topic. 
I can’t wait to hear from more guest speaker and maybe another tour. 

Thank you so much. :)
the course is split into two parts allowing the school to get through the topics efficiently .
The course structure and content delivery is awesome, even laymen can understand the concepts.
MIT lab tour and live labs 
I like that everything is explained well, and that we were provided with lecture summaries and cheat sheets which are really helpful. 
I liked the concept education and how it connect the lab and the lecture good .
Professors

Students

Sessions

Discussions
Python programming and being able to interact with the teachers. Not to mention that it's free!
I like lectures
Before this , I had absolutely no idea about Quantum Computing. I thoroughly enjoyed the exposure to this field of study!
The structure is very friendly to the new to the tech industry. 
The course structure made it easier to understand concepts in a very systematic order

I found Labs the most interesting 
I really learned quite a few thing about quantum computing and it really fascinated me ! Thanks to our teachers :)
Labs and notebooks
I like everything, especially content of the labs and lectures
I really enjoyed the fact that we did not just study theory, but practically implemented the ideas via coding exercises. Programming is one of the challenges that I experience in my day-to-day life, and this course was most useful in helping me bridge that gap.

In terms of the content, it was excellent in its exposure to the basics of Quantum Computing. However, I would like more advanced topics, and even some research topics, for up-and-coming researchers. These include, and are not limited to, Quantum error correction - -with programming, Quantum Machine Learning -- with programming, and Quantum algorithm and protocol design -- that is, being taught the methodology and ideology behind how design, test, implement, and deploy our algorithms and protocols into production. 
All the TA's were helpful, the content was given in right pattern.
The pacing of the course.
Lab 

Lab recording

Lecture notes 
I like lab the most, the lab can help me slove python and quantum problem.
I thoroughly enjoyed the content along with meeting the quantum team. I also enjoyed the labs and lectures as it taught me a lot. 
I enjoyed the python homework given because I really enjoyed coding and I liked learning about encryption and decryption. Overall it was a great semester but it was difficult at times to hand in some homework because of loadshedding that we get in South Africa but either than that the whole course was very stimulating.
The MIT lab tour 
I love how all the technical stuff are taught to be understood in such a simple manner
I loved the lessons where we learned about the maths of quantum computing
Amazing teaching and learnt a lot 
well I really liked when we got the lab tour also hardware related lessons and getting better at programming
That there was space for a relatively high difficulty level for people who were interested.
I like the lecture content and the interesting PPT, very professional and try to catch students' eyes by adding some funny elements. 
Coding quantum in IBM Quantum
I think the lectures were good. I thoroughly enjoyed my lab section. I am grateful to be able to have the cheat sheets and re-watch lectures at a different time. 
lab sessions and MIT lab tour
This was the first time I was learning about quantum computing and the lectures were great, there was no rush and the lab sessions helped me the most. In short, the hands-on lab experience was the best part of this semester.
I just enjoy learning about quantum mechanics in a way that I never quite get other places. I feel like I understand a lot more about the world because of it
Using applications like IBM experience
to knowing  the different types of  qubits , photonic ion , topologic ion 
Using a real quantum computer in lab was really exciting! I also like learning about python as it is a completely new area for me and challenged me a lot. 
Everything was well taught and well explained.  I liked the review the most. Every week we went through what was discussed in the previous session. Which jogged my memory and it made me understand topics.  And as time went on, we revisited the concept taught when we started the program.
 I loved the labs I attended. I couldn't attend some, but I enjoyed watching the recorded videos. I learned a lot about quantum computing so overall it was pretty great. 
The entire course was nice.
The teaching process is so smooth and easy to understand. The resources offered in the course are helpful, especially the recorded sessions that help make up for missed classes and reference resources for later. 
I like that the instructors use analogies to explain their concepts in an easy and digestible way. Quantum basketball is one analogy they use to explain the probability nature of quantum mechanics.
The first semester brought a insight to bigger subject which are yet to be fully developed. For example an interesting subject that came in this course that opened my eyes for vast improvement was quantum communication, just learning that you can process secretive information thru quantum teleportation is one of most interesting application in this course. Protecting information channels against eavesdropping by mean of quantum cryptography. 
i liked the new concepts of physics and coding. i. liked that it wasn't all coding or all physics. I loved learning about quantum key distribution i am very interested in that.
The feature to be able to rewatch lectures and labs that helped me learn more
I like that we are given enough time to learn every aspect; the class does not move too fast and we are given the time we need to fully learn a concept before moving on.
I liked the excitement and energy in labs the most.
Due to my time zone, I was unable to attend the lectures live and opted for asynchronous lab. The course was taught so well that i was able to watch the recordings and follow along easily.
I loved the way I was taught . Also, the lab sessions were really good.
The lectures and labs were excellent.
I liked that it didn't take too much of my time at once, so I could focus on my academics and other personal goals.
I like the course structure of the 1st semester, as it started from the basics of Quantum mechanics and went smoothly into Quantum Computation from basics to its applications.  I loved the live lab sessions, I didn't miss even a single live lab. The homework , assignments were nice, those problems helped me to understand deeply on this topic.
I liked being introduces to the many quantum concepts, and I am ready to dive deeper!
It was fun, instructors were great, and material was taught beautifully and was really easy to understand!
I had a great TA with the live labs. I think lab 4

 
I really liked the live lab sessions because they were engaging and helpful to answer questions immediately. Also, I liked the homework because it allowed me to understand the lessons through examples and real-world applications. Also, I really appreciated the quick response times for when I reached out to the student help email.
I liked how the semester covered concepts and hardware. I was happy to learn that one of the lectures would go over how the hardware works, since I find that to be very interesting. I also liked how a little bit of Quantum Physics was introduced at the start of the course!
I liked the slow pace and recorded lectures.
I liked being able to do coding that supplements the lecture we had. 
I enjoyed the warm welcome, detailed guide on what to do with questions, and patience regarding all the malfunctions and errors that we had as a student group. 
I really liked how the course was designed to make the basics of quantum computing easy to understand. I find the lab activities complement the content well and help us in understanding the concepts better. Homework questions too.
Python
I beleive until the entanglement lab the pacing was grate. After that the course has almost stopped
I like that this course if reserved for all and applicable to all people not just those with PhD.
Labs like quantum flytrap and others special labs 
I liked how there was a community in the Discord server and everyone was willing to help one another.
The things you can learn
The thing I liked most about the semester is that I was able to rewatch lectures and the lab because it sort of helped me understand something better if I was stuck on a new topic.
Course content. I learned a lot of new content.
I really enjoyed working with Qiskit and doing quantum circuits. I am very excited for the next semester and explore more about the applications of quantum computing.
The course structure was perfect, everything followed a very smooth line of thought. The lab was very helpful and the TAs was amazing.
I really liked doing the live labs, and the coding. It was just fun.
* Using a quantum simulator was really cool!

* Coding on an actual Quantum Computer was pretty fun!

* Labs overall were great!

* Amir is a great lecturer!

* The cheat sheets were really useful & also key concepts!
I liked learning about quantum physics and am excited to learn any quantum chemistry in the second semester.  I enjoyed learning about the bloch sphere and I think it's fun to imagine the bloch sphere rotating as the state of the qubit changes.
I liked the pace of the course.  It was just right for me.  I learned a lot about Quantum Computing even though we didn't get into too much detail or the math behind the processes.
the teachers 
Labs and teaching
The fact that we were able to watch recordings of lectures and/or labs. ;)
The course is structured well and the pace is nice. I liked that the course was not too intensive and didn't interfere with my current studies. 

The live lectures were clear and also recorded which was handy. The cheat sheet was also a excellent reference to the material. 

What i liked most was the live labs with a grad student which gave me time to learn the material practically. I could ask questions and get good answers in live time which for me is a very important part of my learning since i ask a lot of questions.

It was nice to gain an insight into the types of research happening in quantum. 
i loved Every thing 
I loved the way the course was structured and most importantly the lab sessions was superb.
I liked Amir and Fran's teaching; it made the content more understandable with their experience in the field. I also liked the review at the beginning of each lab section and the events held to engage students (in-person events or raffles).
I liked how the lectures and labs are simple enough for us to understand while also very engaging.
I liked most especially on quantum cybersecurity protocols, quantum programming, LABs we had, quantum hardware just to mention afew
the intro to quantum computing 
We learned so much! I love to expand my knowledge, especially in a field like quantum computing. I enjoyed the theory and how our teachers taught it. I appreciated the commitment that our lab host had for us (Riley is the best). I made some friends along the way and also found the community very engaging and friendly. It couldn't have gone better. Thank you for giving me this opportunity. I can't wait for the new semester to start!
I liked the active lab environment, and being able to submit homework multiple times as it encourages understanding, and learning.
I really liked the lab sessions.
I liked the presentations a lot because sometimes I can get distracted or zone out and when I am back I see the slide and be able to be back on track with the lecture 
homework review as it made comprehending lecture topics wayyyy easier 
I like that we covered many different topics, from learning python to learning quantum mechanics theory and applications. Coding in IBM and solving problems in the lab and for homework were my favorite part.
Working labs alongside my TA has been fun.
It is well explained and recorded.
Everything
I really enjoyed having guest speakers and understanding what other areas of expertise there are in quantum computing as I'm not really hot on coding and whatnot. I enjoyed the lab sessions and games that we got to play. I also liked how accepting everyone was with questions and confusion.
I liked:

1- content ordered in a way which progressively growing my knowledge in quantum

2- Lab codes which give us a practicality with theories,

3- focus more on foundational understanding.
I really liked the balance between software and hardware related lectures, as well as the special mentions of current advancements in quantum technology during the lectures.
Lab sessions were very effective. It was a great opportunity to play with a quantum computer.
The IBM lab and the MIT tour
I found the theoretical applications of quantum computing to be very interesting, I'm excited to see how it develops in the future. I also enjoyed being able to work with quantum circuits. 
The set of the cheat sheet
I enjoyed the live lab sessions because they allowed for more interaction and addaptation to students needs. 
My favorite part of this course was when we first got into the QASM simulator. The code was simple enough for a beginner to understand, but it always made me feel like I was doing something truly quantum. I will also say that it is very cool to be able to code on an actual quantum computer. 
Both the course structure and the contents were excellent.
The topics were interesting
coding
I really like how the slides were structured and how lectures went the right pace.
The way the course was designed and the way it has been presented (through lecture, Lab, notebook, homework etc). These all are very helpful, I really liked it 

Most importantly, the course QxQ-communication with the students are excellent and friendly.

 
I thought it was cool to learn about QKD and then actually program it.
semester 1 was a very interesting semester with all the new quantum principles ,notations ,gates, algorithms and real life usage of quantum technologies. i am really glad to have assisted to the first semester. i count much on the second semester to increase my knowledge in quantum computing. 
going through a mysterious world that want more to be discovered and let our minds go and think what we can do to improve the need of quantum world. It inspired me more to get into the quantum world. 
I enjoyed learning more about this growing field, and the small applications of the concepts we've learned. 
Learning about fundamentals of quantum computing and able to understand the potential of this field along with companies who are working in this field.
One of the things I liked the most about semester 1 was the opportunity to learn Quantum concepts in relative to Classical concepts and expand my knowledge. I enjoyed engaging in challenging coursework and participating in class discussions with my peers. Additionally, I appreciated the opportunity to form relationships with my professors and classmates, which allowed me to feel supported and connected to my academic community. Overall, I felt that semester 1 provided me with a strong foundation for my Quantum career pursuit.
I enjoyed the hands-on labs as means to apply and reinforce that week's concepts.  Overall, my objective in this boot camp, was to grasp a foundational understanding of quantum computing and to obtain an applicable fundamental quantum programming skill set.  I was hesitant and weary about TCS before this semester, but I'm happy to say that I'm impressed with the content delivery and outcome.
I liked the Mit quantum lab tour.
It was a good introduction to a technology I only had stareiotype based assumptions of the technology.  This course brought me closer to todays reality of the technology.
The labs with Josh were the high point of the week for me! His approachable manner of teaching made my doubts of my ability to learn this material disappear after the first few labs. I'm grateful to Johs, AND to Alex for being willing to stay after labs to answer questions and clarify some of the concepts I needed to fully understand the materials.
Coding
I loved our instructors in Lectures which were extremely informative.  
I liked being able to look over recordings of the lectures so that I could understand the course material.  
I have learned new things on Quantum Computing which I had an interest to learn. Thanks QxQ and IBM..
the knowledge given throught the semester is very useful in continuing the quantum computing journey to high level
I really enjoyed implementing QKD and seeing how Eve can influence the outcome.
quantum key distribution and protocols.
It makes you interested in quantum computing
