Do you have any recommendations for improvements in the course?
{"ImportId":"QID92_TEXT"}
More lab time
The course is great
The course was perfect
labs with fewer people
Do some studying of your own on the internet
Nothing
It would be better if it was more interactive 
More frequent breaks 
Allot more time for practice for students who are new to python. It is a lot to learn in a short time but is also critical to understand quantum coding.
Nope!
Make the lab sessions more cooperative 
better teachers
I believe the course could be improved if there would be levels within the course structure. For example, I would have benefited from an accelerated version of the class and it would have kept me more motivated than the relatively slowly paced class that the course is as it stands. I enjoyed the content and the delivery of the content, but it was very slow at times. 
Going into coding quantum sooner
Nothing
I hope that summary could be continue sending out in this course.
For the first week you divided us into groups of people who can code and people who don't, I was one of the people who could code before joining this course, nevertheless we went over Python and how to code using it, I feel like that part could've been skipped, the exercises/assignments were not hard, but took too long because you had to jump between the playbook and look for the question and check the answer and then go back and check which answer is the correct one rather than thinking critically, the playbooks themselves are good, just not the questionnaires.
None whatsoever
none
Include more teamwork tasks
none
At some points, course take a very high jump assuming we had all the essential knowledge that is required.  So, I prefer before the classes if you can provide a pre-requisite resources then it will be really helpful
Teachers do the homework with the students
Less homework more sessions
More lectures.
Improve pace
Not really
Students should be allowed to pick the continent time zone 
maybe shorten the material intended for labs or make the teacher go through it faster
No, I don't.
none
Having slack channels for student communication rather than discord
I think none.
Maybe make the homework more straightfoward. 
none
A different website perhaps that could better run quantum computing.
Nope
Every was fine with me
Not really
none
change is always there but not now
coordination and enthusiasm among classmates
I recommed this course strongly 
No,,it's just fine
It was perfect
I recommend interacting more orally with the audience in the zoom meeting sessions.
Nothing to be honest. 
Shorter lab and lecture lengths
not really
None
None
Spend 2 weeks focusing on practice in basic coding such as python, as some concepts can take some time.
not really. I had great fun!
I don't have any recommendations, I think it was pretty good.
Repeat the concepts more often 
Formation of study groups for training on codes for students only, to apply what they learned in the laboratory and enhance their interest in coding.
NO,From my point of view the course curriculum is arranged and consistent
More lab recordings
Nope
No recommendation
Less repetition of already established concepts 
Describe the purpose of our coding. I just didn't understand that part. I completed the assignments fine but wasn't informed about what it was for. Was it just to make traditional binary code more complicated? That's all.
More Projects
More interactions and possible internships.
A brief history behind the spin quantum number and the birth of Pauli gates would be very interesting. That will give a perspective for students as to why these Pauli gates are so fundamental. 
Make the content more deeped
Yes, please add the demo to actual quantum computer
I believe the qxq team is already doing a wonderful job.
nothing
The additional TA in the live labs is an excellent idea. I think it would be beneficial for the flow of a lab for that second TA answer questions put forth with the Q/A method that is in labs. This eliminates the constant breaks in the actual flow of teaching. (I'm a bit older, and I think that quite a few of the questions were "show off" questions. I've seen it in classes I have substituted to impress, and in college courses. The second TA fielding questions would enable the  stream of thought and learning to be uninterrupted. :)
Faster student help. 
you are awesome
Very good
More options for asynchronous / very busy students to still participate
Decrease the sessions 
No, not really , the faculty is top notch, keep up with the good work 
no everything is perfect 
This course should give more time to students for finishing homework, be more interactive, and take time to go over terms multiple times.
A bit more of hands-on and programming
More live sessions and offer harder problems 
Not I can think of
nope
Nope
None
Nope 
Take the live quiz sessions
It was a very good course, I enjoyed it so much !!!
I think the courses are great and it would be great if we get to make some projects as well.
No I do not!
None 
Not at all
Incorporate more real-world examples and case studies to help students better understand the application of the concepts. Introduce more interactive elements such as videos, simulations, and quizzes to help students better engage with the course material.
Have a 30 minute long question hour with different  sessions to accommodate time zones.
smaller class sizes
Not really 
The course pace was extremely slow and there was too much repetition during the lectures. Also, there was a lot of just accepting things without understanding and running programs without knowing why they work. One thing I really wanted to know about was the real world equivalent to the qubits.
Always be in time and ready to learn.
No, Everything was perfect
A few more visual or hands on things for learners, such as a walkthrough of a qubit going through a quantum circuit. It's quite tough to have to imagine it all in your own head. I know engineering courses often use circuits or other hands on things to illustrate points.
nothing
Increase the time allocation for the course
everything is good!
I advise to provide a greater opportunity for applicants from all over the world, because it is a great experience that makes a difference in the life of every student.
I advise to provide a greater opportunity for applicants from all over the world, because it is a great experience in your life.
Provide subtitles in other languages
Maybe go through the homework with students even if it means adding an optional zoom session to do so.
I think all was good and enough
The instructors while explaining should speak slower 
include an explanation as to why answers are incorrect 
Perhaps a longer course? I feel that i could've benefited more from tad bit slower class.
Increase lab session because it is very useful 
It's good.
Give more real life applicable examples in the first semester otherwise it gets boring
Nope, good enough
