What is one suggestion you have for improving this course?   (We welcome your feedback on the lectures or labs, curriculum, community building, program structure, guest speakers and special events, ways we can better support students, or anything that comes to mind!)
{"ImportId":"QID1213312156_TEXT"}
More Lab time
Nothing
I already answered this question!
fewer students per lab, if possible
Add some more interactive activities in the lab that isn't coding 
Allow writing letters of recommendation for students
It may become more interactive and instead of showing everything to students, students can be involved to the lab someway.
I would say more special events to get students to interact with other more. 
More homework to practice coding.
Better time management on the labs but it improved at the end
Not sure 
not be so fast paced 
I responded to this question in a previous answer. 
More/harder coding
Everything was perfect 
The exercises were my only issue, as I mentioned earlier, they're good but could be better.
None whatsoever
guests
More opportunities to get to know fellow students 
nothing 
It would be nice if before every lecture we get some pre-requisite
I hoped the teachers did the homework with students in the lab sections rather than joining a different zoom 
Maybe have group work assignments
nothing really because it was already very good
shorter lab time but more lab sessions
make the exit survey shorter
faster pace
In my opinion the course is perfect 
Well scholarship, internship and job opportunities should be shared amongst the students 
Everything is perfect
have more lab times as I had difficulty choosing a lab time
The improvement would be in homework dues. I tkink like three days after the lecture would be enough.
none
More engaging coding assignments
None
No suggestions
Maybe make the course more balanced, so the first part is more fast-paced and the second part is slowed down a bit. 
I think about making the course more interactive by giving mini projects from start that do tackle actuals problems from rudimentary levels 
I don't have any suggestion
none
A better site to code.
Keeping the classes on time and not postponing them
Maybe organise some physical tours
Nothing
nothing really
More interactivity. It was hard to feel like I was learning the lecture information when all I was doing was staring at a lecturer on-screen for over an hour, which I find exhausting. I felt like I was doing the most learning when I got to test my knowledge with assignments and program in Qiskit.
The course is excellent
great job guys 
it was good
Camera on for eveyone so we may have a real class like experience
More lecture 
Increase lab duration and reduce the course completion time
Maybe increase the lab timings 
Focusing more on the hardware part of quantum computers.
None
I would like to see more details.
shorter lab and lectures
combining IBM experience and flytrap I thing would ease the understanding of the course.
Recordings made available from the start, rather than a couple of weeks in. For example, I didn't attend a single live lecture, so the recordings helped a lot.
more community events
None 
More Time for Python!
I think I would have liked opportunities to work with my peers in labs.
none
STUDENT HELP SHOULD BE PROVIDED A BIT FASTER
I don't have any suggestion, everything was great.
Wider gap to get homework done
Just more repetition
I hope you make the lab a little bit longer.
NOTHING
More guest speakers
Nothing 
No suggestion
Less repetition 
Nope! You guys did very well.
More Projects
More special events
Because of that we are studying while we take this course , minimized assignments  
This course worked for me well. I cannot think of any suggestions at the moment. 
make the content deeper
A bit more energetic lab assistants would help! Time zones can also be made vast for lab sessions.
None
I believe the course was already extremely well handled
Nothing 
special labs and personal interaction
make two lab section
maybe make pdf or books for the curriculum till it be easy to revise 
As mentioned earlier, optional additional instruction in Python and Qiskit, and the 2nd TA during labs for uninterrupted stream of thought/learning.
no suggestions
Faster student help response. 
literally you are amazing
I really appreciate
Nothing
I think you should encourage more trans and LBGT students to join.
At this point, I have no suggestions. 
More activities 
no everything is perfect 
Giving more time for assignments and showing more problem examples.
It's perfect as it is
More advanced problems, more in depth content
Exams! Let's conduct real time exams!
More in person events 
More time to do homework 
can't think of anything; it's already great
Timings of sessions
Nothing.
It's good continue like this don't change.
Live quiz sessions
It was very good !! I enjoyed so much !!!
less assignments
Providing students with further opportunities in QC like internships and research. 
Hands-on Projects
Nothing 
One suggestion I have is making labs 90 mins instead of 60mins so we have enough time to go through the coding parts.
None
Offer me scholarship in future so that I may join your team 
Can make summary notes digitally on important concepts
We work with students from low-income ZIP codes.  Access to the course, made free through IBM Quantum scholarships, is greatly appreciated.  We provide financial incentives because, otherwise, some participants might be excluded because of work requirements.
Nothing
Introduce more interactive elements such as videos, simulations, and quizzes to help students better engage with the course material.
Teaching in a way that is easy to comprehend for a beginner. 
nothing
Smaller class sizes
Nothing
I honestly don't. It was perfect!
Until now it's perfectly done in my personal opinion
Some more in-depth explanations would be great.
I feel like everything you guys did was awesome and organized so no need in improving anything at all.
Like I said before, perhaps a visual component through a video rather than just slides
nothing
More guest speakers
Link the student to company that are related to quantum computing for better experience after graduation
More theoreticals
everything is good!
I advise to provide a greater opportunity for applicants from all over the world, because it is a great experience that makes a difference in the life of every student.
I advise to provide more opportunity for applicants from all over the world, because it is a great experience in your life.
No suggestions
Providing the curriculum in other languages 
Nothing, the course is just perfect
Maybe have an additional zoom meeting to go over homework problems together that isn't just the office hours.
Provide collaboration and socialization opportunities. Utilize a variety of technology options.
I don’t have any feedback 
All was well
I think it's good the way it is
Everything is great like this!
To make sure not to increase the load on the students
It’s all good
As i said before, feedback on why an answer is incorrect would be truly beneficial
Ability to interface with more learners.
I don't know
More student icebreakers
Increase lab session 
Interesting.
no suggestions
It was really great
its good enough
Make it feel less like a chore idk how
emmm, nope, already good enough
