Describe something that you think would have benefited your experience in the first semester of the program.
{"ImportId":"QID91_TEXT"}
More lab time
Learning about new concepts
Perhaps work on implementing a paper
More free time to work on coursework and study
A little more prerequisite info
Nothing 
Hard but ended well
Live lectures and being able to ask questions in real time 
More practice in Python.
More cheat sheets
A bit more application to what we learn 
Lab sessions
a better teacher, better ways of joining the class and a more thorough way of explaining how to run your course
I would have enjoyed getting more homework that was relating to real world applications as well as the coding practice. 
Taking the classes with a friend 
I learned much about the field of Quantum Computing and what it would like to bo go into
Knowledge 
If I had attended more office hours.
Faster paced labs
I learned qubit
Making the exercises take less time, they are a little time consuming but not difficult.
More hands on math
consistency
I don’t know
Having more time and hands on
continuous home exercises help me to clear my concepts.
I wish labs didnt have a time limit since some teachers couldnt go on teaching since they only had an hour to teach
Shorter lectures
more lab sessions per week
two or three lab sessions per week
Clearer instructions on how to open the lab notebook to do
having interactive lab sessions
Learning more about the physics and going faster
More study of English 
Programming skills 
Everything is perfect for a student to learn quantum computing
If the theacher in Lab covered the whole material intended, so we wouldn't have to cover it ourselves.
Knowledge is something that everyone has to gain when attending something.
the content I knew in quantum
I have discovered quantum
A good company of like minded people with whom I can discuss and review the concepts learned. I know discussion forum are available but I feel like I need a physical community. Maybe just one person. That one's on me
I think I benefited more knowledge of quantum computing in the first semester of the program
I have learn qiskit and python programming
Nothing 
I think easier homework assignments would have been beneficial because I feel that the coding homework was out of my reach. 
Application of fundamental STEM skills in these future driven technologies 
everything was perfect
value added to my resume
An easier and more efficient platform to do quantum computing. 
If the classes were on time
Having a physical tour of some of the quantum labs
Nothing
The recorded sessions 
I have really learnt the basics of quantum computing
Links and references to extra resources to supplement/go beyond in terms of learning.
I thin the course was excellent.
if i had enough time to enter semester 2 with you guys
it was good 
eveything
Putting more homeworks and exercises
I have some how got an exposure with quantum computing in the field through guest speakers 
Lab sessions
The MIT lab tour benefited my experience a lot, and helped me understand deeply how Quantum Computers function.
More explanations on the summary sheet
Practice 
Shorter lab and lecture sessions
I don't understand the question
I don't think the recordings were going on until about 4 weeks in, but having those was always nice to fallback on (even when I didn't use them) when I was stuck on concepts and just the cheat sheet couldn't help me.
More guest speakers
Recap sessions 
More Time practicing Python
Having more informaton before enrolling.
Though it was manageable, I wish I had more time to focus on the course. I have a heavy course load at school that made me focus on the course less than I would have like to.
Got the knowledge about the quantum mechanics
Great 
LEARNING ABOUT THE BLOCH SPHERE AND CONCEPT OF SECURITY
good
I think something that would have benefited my experience would be to meet people of the field and to engage in different projects so I can expand my learning.
A wider period of time to get work done for busy students
Going over homework more often 
Making lab time longer, I really loved the lab and I wanted my lab longer, for instance, to be for 90 minutes instead of 60 minutes.
before this course, I can't manage my time and I felt distracted all of time. But after I benefited from this course that I can mange my time efficeintly and learn more topics in one time.
A more free schedule 
Better timing for lectures and lab sessions 
Watching labs live more often
My coding skills
Less different platforms of communication, clear structure 
More structure to the labs? The TA often moved kind quickly and I didn't really understand the purpose in the first couple of labs. Like, what are we coding for exactly.
I would've benefited from more projects like powerpoints.
More coding experience 
Gave me something I can pursue in the future.
Studying
The very basics of quantum mechanics and how it builds up to quantum computing. The connection basically. 
Listening to a scientific content in English
Perhaps a trial run of someone's program on an actual quantum computer
Fun
Something that would have benefited would be more user interaction 
Nothing 
communication skills
how i can use quantum
Coding 
Additional optional help with learning Python.
If I wasn't taking additional STEM courses
Deeper knowledge about the gates
this course will very likely be my future
All program have benefits on me 
Excellent
I would like to see more options for more aysynchronous work; or something that allows students who cannot reliably or always come for a live lecture
Having this program be part of my school
Many things 
On-hand experience at a tech company working on quantum computing 
More sheets to exercise more 
I think if the lab instructors used something like quizlet to make things more interactive durring the class I would have learned more.
I would have love a more fun interactive and examples of quantum used in work experience or maybe have employees come in and have them talk about their day to day experience in working for quantum development in technologies.
lab work
Really everything
Learning basic of quantum computing
More excercises
If schedule is flexible
Continuous support
Got an idea how entire world have different perspectives on same thing or idea.
can't think of anything
Revision tests
I think if I had taken a coding class previous to this semester it would’ve helped me understand a lot.
More interesting topic that I I have experienced 
Skills related to quantum computing 
quantum computing basics and how to apply computer science ?!
attending all the labs and lectures
assignments to be marked quicker
Labs really helped me build my confidence in practical approach
Basic knowledge regarding quantum computing 
I believe better time management for myself would have benefited me in this program so I could fully grasp the concepts.
Coding
Learned Ng python deeper
Computing confidence
More time practicing coding
I learnt about quantum mechanics and quantum physics
Describe something that you think would have benefited your experience in the first semester of the program.
If my questions were given my comprehensive and easily understandable answers.
Confidence in coding
Maybe smaller classes
Getting to know more about the job opportunities in the quantum industry 
It was perfect
The sense of creativity
I think that the course pace was extremely slow and the concepts taught weren't properly justified enough. Sometimes, I felt that I am just memorizing rather than learning.
If I had more connections with my speaker I had trouble with my account and was unable to connect back with my lab or course.
Social Communication
learning about quantum gates
Perhaps an accompanied video on youtube or something to easily visualize some of the concepts, such as a qubit going through a quantum circuit
nothing
Coding Assistance
This course change my experience and knowledge 
a more personal touch
The MIT tour helps me know what the Quantum Computing Lab looks like, which is interesting.
The wonderful plan that I followed in this course is one of the best things that exist, especially learning something and then applying it
The wonderful plan that I followed in this course is one of the best things there, especially learning with application
Know new people and increase my experience
Provide subtitles in other languages
i really benefited from every class
Having a friend take it with me.
The content
As an intern, I discovered it’s essential to be enthusiastic and open to learning new skills, asking for more work and being curious to learn and ask questions. This attitude will show that you enjoy being part of the team and that you're keen to help. Having curiosity and enthusiasm also means that, as an intern, you get a lot out of what you’re doing, which opens lots of opportunities
The python review in the beginning 
The kind treatment of the staff
Having more time to do the assignments
Everything is great as it is
The coures really benefits me a lot in programming 
Knowing how much it would benefit me
I think being given explanations as to why the answers were wrong in the quiz questions would make it way easier for me to learn
Interacting with other learners.
Maybe a greater variety of things we had to do on the homework assignments.
I am now able to say ive taken a step towards deciding the path my future will take
cooperation
I gained a lot of information about quantum computing and programming 
Nothing to add
The semester program is rooted me in the STEM field. As an undergraduate student i was wandering to choose my major, but the program really helped me to choose the right fit major for me.
nothing to mention
More knowledge about the topic
practicing python
With one of the lecturers having a better mic as it was hard to understand what was being said
Just the recordings, making me able to fit my schedule
