Do you have any comments for your teaching assistant or instructor?
{"ImportId":"QID96_TEXT"}
Great work!
They were amazing
They were amazing.
Thanks for the semester!
None.
I would like to say thank you for this wonderful effort and I am grateful to all of you. It was a wonderful experience for me
They were the sweetest! But can be better with timing.
Thank you for explaining the content of the course in  a way that made it easy to understand.
Lab sessions were great and William as well as any other TA’s who subbed in were really nice and always tried to be as engaging  and helpful as possible. Thanks to the rest of the team as well for making the course enjoyable 
Nope 
too fast
I believe the teaching assistants/instructors did a good job.
Thank you! It was great enjoying the labs and lectures:)
Not really. Was overall good
Excellent people, I really enjoyed the lecturers and my lab instructor Addie
Merry Christmas
They were amazing, thank you all for your efforts!
None, they were great
good
We had a great TA, who is very knowledgeable in quantum computing. He answered all our questions, and labs were mostly fun!
Going to miss you!!
He is really great. I am very glad to get him as my TA.
You did great, i loved how you taught!
They were engaging and very informative!
No they were all very professional 
Thank you for your clear instructions throughout the course.
thank you for all your hard work
THANKS A LOT!
They are very perfect 
Thank you teachers :)
same as before ^
yes, I do.
none
Having frequent check-ins with students
Addie, she's the best at what she does. I am motivated to come to lab sometimes because I know Addie will be there, she's so fun.
All teaching assistants and instructors are very experienced and their style of teaching was very nice.
No, just thank you!
none
They did a great job
Thank you very much
I really love his teaching method. His class is really interesting.
I don’t think this teaching format is compatible with  a lot of learning styles and wish, again, that there would be supplementary material included. Especially something interactive to follow along with lecture would be great - it’s difficult to sit and just watch a 1+ hour lecture, and activities could help with that (especially if you’re watching the recording)
I just want to thank them very much. They were very friendly and kind to us.
thanks guys...love you
slow and understandable
First I’ll thank them all. they are such great people and teachers 
Bravoo,,he is the best
Nitya is the sweetest and the most patient TA ever!
I just wanted to thank them for their hard work and dedication to the course. Thanks a lot!!
They were super professional, nothing to add.
I was always watching recordings, hence Richy made the labs very understanding and comprehendible.
Great guy, very sociable, and opened up the class from day one into a more human, less Zoom-call environment.
Well done, thank you for everything
None
No, They were amazing.
He was really nice and I learned a lot from him.
Thank you so much. I was able to learn so much in the past few months, I learned many things that I had been wanting to learn for a while but didn’t have the chance. I was able to learn through this course all because of the support I received from you.
they did a great job!
I want to thank my TA because she was very kind and has helped me to learn a lot from this experience.
Nope! 
I would like to thank her for teaching me during the semester, I loved coding and I got interested in quantum computing with her help, so I am thankful to her because she is treating us like her friends and that made me comfortable especially when I want to ask any question and that made every information in the course understandable to me.
No, He is a wonderful person and I understand a lot of him in this field While I don't know anything
More college recommendations 
Nope
Ricky was very nice and I could tell he did the best he could to teach us!
No comments,all perfect
More confidence 
Nope! Just very thankful for this opportunity.
They were really great both as a teacher and a person 
I like the idea and are very helpful.
They did excellent work in preparing the lectures and presenting them. I really appreciate their effort and involvement. Keep up the good work. 
He was great!
Mr. Adams was a great teacher !
they were all so amazing people I wish them all the best, they really made my learning  journey so wonderful
Josh, Alex, you two are fantastic! You did so much to help me understand topics I had only just grasped in the beginning to have a firm grasp on the information that enabled me to succeed moving forward in the course!
all of you guys i love you
I really appreciate your help and support as I learn ever than expected
Very good
Very good
they were amazing!!
Thanks 
Great teachers 
you do your best thanks for your efforts 
Thank you for being amazing!
Great Work!! Awesome experience.
thank you the course and delivery was enlightening
Excellent
I love them
The explanations were great
Addie was the best teaching assistant!
Not sure 
Instructor should ask questions from the randon students during the class. 
They were excellent !!
Very approachable. Made students feel comfortable 
Teaching assistants and instructors were really great and supportive.
Thank you for teaching me!
Great staff
You were just perfect 
Sometimes it is hard to understand what you mean since you speak to us the way you would with academic equals rather than people who are learning something for the first time.
thank you
maybe move on a little faster 
Not really 
They were amazing
Mostly just increasing the pace and not repeating the same thing over and over again.
Try to explain things a little more slower I understand you guys are more advanced into this information but newcomers may not understand as easy as others.
They made me proud that iam them student
Thank you for a fun 1st sem. looking forward for the next semester.
None!
Thank you all
Thanks so much!
perfect explanation and they are so helpful 
they are so clever and helpful
They did a great job! 
Good Job , and thank you
He's been fantastic
Thank you!
No,he really was so helpful.
thank you for being great!
I loved my TA Alex and his ability to involve his students as much as possible while keeping the lesson enjoyable.
No , they are awesome 
I really appreciate their hard work and dedication to enhance our knowledge and understanding about quantum and the infinite future technologies.
I’m thankful to all of them.
They were good
Thank you for all the lectures!
